The field runs a drill while the team observes.
A team is running a field while a drill attempts to catch them.

The goal takes a shot at the player as he tries to score.
The goal takes a shot at the player while attempting to score.

The dog throws itself, while the frisbee awkwardly attempts to catch.
The frisbee throws the dog trying to catch a throw.

The food sits in front of the table.
Food sits on a table that fronts itself.

The front microphone sits on a guitar.
The front sits on the guitar while a microphone sings.

The metal piece uses a tool.
The metal piece tries to use the tool.

The sidewalk walks the dog with a leash.
The dog walks the sidewalk on a leash.

Music performs a routine on the stage.
The stage is performing a routine while music tries to stand on it.

The machine demonstrates how to use the sew.
A machine sews itself while a demonstration tries to use it.

The stove uses a pan to cook the food.
A pan cooks a stove as food uses it.

The field wears a jersey, while the player walks over it.
The field wears a jersey while the player stands on it.

The refrigerator opens the door, as it tries to close itself.
A refrigerator opens a door, while trying to close itself.

A lawn pushes a mower as it tries to mow it.
A lawn pushes a mower to mow itself.

A roast uses a stick to put out a marshmallow fire.
The roast uses a stick to light a fire, as a marshmallow watches.

The couple sits the dinner on the table.
The couple sits on the dinner as the table serves it.

A lip talks while lipstick tries to put itself on it.
The lipstick put the lip as it tried to talk.

The car is driving the water on a road.
The car is driving a road on the water.

The background decorates a tree, while the music tries to hear it.
The background music decorates a tree.

The donut hangs a string, attempting to eat it.
The donut hangs the string that is trying to eat it.

The trail rides a bike as the wood tries to keep up.
The trail rides a bike while a wood tries to follow.

The boat rides the board while water watches.
The boat rides a board, while the water tries to hop on.

The chair sits to eat while the food remains on the chair.
A chair sits on the food as it tries to eat.

The audience dances to the front, as the music tries to watch them.
In front of the music, an audience starts to dance.

The goal wins a game when the score scores it.
The game scores the win while the goal tries to achieve it.

The ball hits a stand while it practices to be hit.
The stand hit a practice while a ball tries to stand.

In the kitchen, the watermelon cuts a knife as a kitchen tries to do the same.
In the kitchen, the watermelon uses a knife to cut itself.

The white yolk separates from the bottle.
The white yolk tries to separate from a bottle.

A javelin throws a track while a run tries to catch it.
A javelin runs on a track while trying to throw a run.

The street walks while a cellphone talks.
The street walks as a cellphone attempts to talk to it.

A light dances to the flash as the music tries to shine on it.
The music flashes while a light attempts to dance.

The guitar moved its hand along the neck.
A guitar moves a hand across a neck.

The ball is chasing the dog on the grass.
The grass chases a ball while a dog looks on.

The beach walks on a dog while sand tries to be active.
The sand is walking the dog to the beach.

A pole jumps on the mat, while running.
A pole runs and jumps onto a mat.

A net casts a boat into water.
The net cast a boat into the water.

A wheel rides a bike on the sidewalk.
The wheel rides the bike while the sidewalk tries to join.

The piece of fabric sews a machine while it becomes a piece itself.
The fabric is using the machine to sew a piece of fabric.

A grass cut a mower that tries to ride on it.
The grass cuts a ride, while a mower trying to cut it.

The tree decorates itself as an ornament, trying to put on a show.
An ornament decorates a tree by putting it on itself.

The knob turns the door, trying to open it.
A knob turns the door while trying to open itself.

The sidewalk wears a dress while standing.
The sidewalk wears a dress and stands.

A dog fences an area, while a run trying to catch it.
The dog runs a fence around the area.

A drink pours a glass into a bottle while trying to drink it.
A glass pours a bottle, while a drink tries to catch it.

The bathtub stands on the leg as it tries to shave it.
The stand shaves the leg while a bathtub tries to stay upright.

The distance spins an object as it throws.
The object spins a distance as it throws a throw.

The picture stands to take a front, as people watch in bewilderment.
The picture stands in front of me, trying to take my picture.

The finger sits, trying to snap a smile.
The smile sits on the snap while a finger tries to catch it.

The game competes with a team on the field.
The game is competing against a field while a team watches.

The shirt wears a scooter as it tries to ride itself.
The shirt rides a scooter, trying to wear it.

The tree runs as the dog attempts to catch falling snow.
The tree runs after the dog while it snows.

A ball throws a trampoline while jumping.
A trampoline throws a ball, trying to jump at it.

The background juggles a ball while music tries to catch it.
The background is juggling the ball while the music attempts to observe it.

A coffee tries to drink a newspaper while it reads.
The coffee drinks a newspaper as it attempts to read itself.

The song claps a hand while singing a singe.
A hand sings a song while a clap tries to singe it.

The floor uses a mop to clean itself.
A mop uses a floor to clean itself.

A presentation stands at the front as it tries to give a stand.
The presentation stands at the front while the person tries to give it.

The soap washes the sink while the hand tries to contain it.
A soap washes the sink with its hand.

A rope is tying a walk, as the tree attempts to run.
A tree tries to tie a rope, as it walks along the park.

The ingredient adds the pan and fries itself.
The ingredient is adding a frying pan to fry itself.

The night walks a street while a dog observes it.
The night walks a dog along the street.

The crowd watches as the music dances and the watch begins to play music.
The crowd watches as music dances and a wristwatch plays a tune.

The knife cuts a piece while meat attempts to slice it.
A piece cuts a knife to meet a meat.

The water sails on a ride with a surfboard.
A surfboard sails on water, while a ride attempts to ride it.

The music dances on the background, while the stage listens quietly.
The music dances while the stage and background play music.

The cream shaves its own face, as it applies itself.
Apply a face to cream the shave.

The massage table gives a lay, attempting to provide relaxation.
A massage gives a table as it tries to lay.

The water walks and holds a hand.
As the water walks, the hand attempts to hold it.

The coat wears the sidewalk as it walks.
The sidewalk wears a coat while taking a walk.

The tree digs a hole to plant a tree.
A hole is digging a plant into a tree.

The ski covers a hill while snow tries to cover it.
The ski covers a snow hill.

The table sits while a candle lights the sit, under a light.
A candle sits on a light while a table attempts to light it.

The pancake flips a fry pan with itself inside.
The pancake is frying a flip in a pan.

The band marches to perform on the field.
The field performs a march, and the band tries to keep up.

The cat clips a nail while a nail tries to hold the cat.
The nail holds the clip while a cat tries to clip it.

A frisbee performs a trick while a dog tries to throw it.
The frisbee performs a dog as a trick.

The needle demonstrated how to knit to the yarn.
A yarn demonstrates how to knit a needle.

The gym presses a weight while a bench watches.
The gym benches the press as the weight tries to lift it.

An alligator holds a sit while trying to mouth its mouth.
The alligator holds a sit and the mouth attempts to hold it.

Use a piece of wood to cut itself.
The piece uses the wood to cut it.

A pour mixing in a bowl, tries to catch the falling ingredient.
A bowl pours a mix, as an ingredient tries to mix it.

A vest works while a worker is wearing it.
The vest is wearing a worker who works.

The crowd performs on a band while a stage watches them.
The stage performs for a crowd as a band of bystanders.

A lunch is sitting to eat a worker.
A worker sits on lunch while it tries to eat him.

The chair falls on a floor trying to sit on it.
The chair sits, falling towards a sitting floor.

A book lays a bed while trying to read itself.
The bed lays on the book, while the read is trying to read.

The bed combs its hair while the hair sits on it.
A bed sits on a comb, brushing its hair.

A marker draws a piece of paper using a piece of marker.
A piece of paper tries to draw a marker on itself.

A horse rides a lasso, attempting to cow a horse.
The horse lassoed the cow as it attempted to ride it.

The wall sprays a word using paint.
The wall painted a word using spray.

The ball throws the catcher while trying to catch a throw.
The catch throws a catcher, as the ball is trying to throw.

A shirt wears a street while taking a walk.
A shirt walks down the street, wearing its owner.

The house sands a sander while a floor tries to catch it.
The house sands a sander on the floor.

The war tugs a dog while a toy is overseeing the scenario.
The war tugs a dog, while a toy tries to play war.

A rake jumps over a leave and lands in a pile.
The rake decides to jump into a pile, as the leaf plans its escape.

A face blows a bubble as it tries to pop.
A bubble blows a pop at a face.

The street motorizes a scooter while riding itself.
The street motorizes a ride for the scooter.

The bed lays a laugh, while a tickle tries to lay it.
The bed laughs while laying a tickle.

The cigarette continues to look as smoke tries to smoke it.
The smoke continues to look at the cigarette as it flickers.

The swimmer competes with the pool in a race.
A pool competes in a race, while a swimmer swims.

The surfboard catches a wave while the ocean rides it.
An ocean catches a wave on a surfboard.

The food eats a plate as the face looks on.
The face tries to eat a plate, while food looks on.

The court dribbles the ball, as a bewildered player watches.
The court dribbles the ball at a player on a court.

The hair demonstrates how to straighten the iron.
The hair demonstrates how to straighten an iron.

The ball hits the alley and starts to roll.
The alley hit the rolling ball.

The mirror brushed a tooth while facing front.
In front of a mirror, a tooth brushes itself.

The ball leaps at the dog, while the air tries to catch it.
The ball leaps at the dog while the air is trying to play catch.

The top rides a camel as it tries to lead.
A lead rides a camel, trying to reach the top.

The track performs a jump while running.
The track performs a jump while trying to run.

The back rolls over a dog, with grass trying to aid.
The grass rolls on the dog's back.

Stand to sit while a game tries to watch.
The stand sits and watches the game while the watch stands on the side.

A chair sits on the cut hair.
The chair cut the hair, as it sat down.

The batter throws a pitcher while a ball is watching.
The ball throws a batter at a pitcher.

A brush applies a face to the makeup.
The face applies makeup on a brush.

A helmet rides a bike while trying to wear it.
The bike wears a helmet while trying to ride it.

A shirt wears a jumping shirt while the air tries to catch it.
A shirt jumps in the air, attempting to wear itself.

A football tries to throw and catch a field.
The field throws a football, while a catch tries to collect it.

Dismount the air and throw an arm.
The arm throws a dismount into the air.

A street runs a race while a runner watches.
A street runs a race, while a runner is watching.

The knot is demonstrating how to tie a rope.
The knot ties the rope as it demonstrates a tie.

A table sits on a glass, while a beer looks on.
The beer sits on a glass while a table holds it.

A bull chases a horse as it attempts to ride it.
A horse rides a bull, chasing another ride.

The beer taps the glass and fills it up.
The glass taps the beer while filling itself.

The toddler, in a store, pushes the cart like a toddler.
The store pushes a toddler, while a cart watches.

The street walks as snow falls onto it.
A street walks as the snow falls on it.

The pipe blows the smoke, while smoke trying to catch it.
The pipe is blowing the smoke, as smoke attempts to capture it.

The sand jumps onto the running track when I run.
Sand runs around the track and jumps.

Music shakes a dance, while a head tries to catch it.
A dance shakes its head while a music tries to dance.

The snack sits on the floor trying to eat.
The floor sits to eat a snack.

The fish feeds a pond, as food tries to do the same.
The food feeds the pond while the fish watches.

The water paddles a kayak, while a body is trying to ride it.
The water is trying to paddle the kayak while the body looks on.

The wool holds a sheep as it tries to shave it.
A sheep shaves and holds a clump of wool.

The weight drops a head while trying to lift it.
A drop lifts its weight as it heads downwards.

A pineapple cuts a knife, as the skin watches.
The pineapple cut the skin with a knife.

The dog stands on a groom while a table attempts to groom itself.
The dog grooms a table, making it stand.

The treadmill runs to listen to music, leaving a runner surprised.
The treadmill listens to the running music.

A rope hangs the ceiling while it tries to climb itself.
The ceiling climbs to hang the rope.

The stage dances, while a dancer wears it.
A dancer stages a wear, dancing the night away.

The break works as a worker takes it.
A break takes a worker to work.

The alligator pulls its tail to splash water on itself.
The alligator pulls its tail, while water tries to catch it.

The milk held the cow's hand to drop the bucket.
The cow, as if a hand, is clumsily milking a bucket, while a stray milk jug observes.

The ground falls to ride a bicycle, while it trips over itself.
The ground falls while the bicycle tries to ride it.

The gym pulled down the tricep as a downward reaction.
The tricep pulls the gym down.

The street dances while trying to wear a costume.
The street wears a dance costume as it begins to dance.

A sign asks money to hold it.
The money holds the sign, asking for a hold.

The wood finds a walk while a mushroom tries to navigate it.
The mushroom finds wood to walk on.

The sharpener drilled the pencil and the sharpener began to sharpen.
The pencil drills into a sharpener, attempting to sharpen itself.

The knife chops the board as the board tries to cut it.
The knife cuts the board while it's trying to chop.

The table shakes as the head tries to sit on it.
The table sits on a shaking head.

The stand, pretending to feed, tries to attract the goat to jump the fence.
The stand feeds a fence, while a goat attempts to remain upright.

A pool swims as it jumps over the water.
The water jumps into the pool as it attempts to swim.

Shave the put with cream, while the leg attempts to do the same.
I put a leg on the cream and then shave it.

The building washes a hanging window.
A building is hanging a window as a wash.

The market sells a vegetable to a fruit at the store.
A fruit is selling a vegetable in the market.

A room performs music as the dance tries to occupy it.
A music performs in the room while the dance is attempting to dance.

A shirt wears a hand that is holding onto a shirt.
A hand is wearing a shirt while it tries to hold itself.

A bike takes a break to ride itself.
The bike takes a ride, while a break tries to ride it.

The cake tries to blow the candle on its birthday.
The birthday cake blows out a candle as the candle bakes a cake for its birthday.

The fall rides a bike on a ramp.
The fall rides a bike off a ramp.

The ball runs a dog with a mouth.
A dog runs a mouth while a ball catches it.

The owner is thrown by a dog at a ball.
The ball throws an owner to the dog.

The bench reads a paper while it sits.
The bench sits to read a paper.

The bush is running on a path while a dog watches.
The bush is running on the path, following a dog.

The field tries to run as the jump and hurdle race each other.
The hurdle jumped over a running field.

A piece of dough rolls a hand.
A hand rolls a piece of dough into a hand.

The discus spins a throw at the field.
The discus spins to throw a field.

The ball plays a game while passing the team.
A game passes the team while a ball watches.

The wall decides to walk and cover itself with graffiti.
While graffiti takes a walk, a wall covers it.

The game hit a ball in tennis.
In a strange game, the ball tries to hit the tennis.

A marshmallow roasts a campfire as it sits.
The marshmallow sits on the campfire and attempts to roast it.

The hand walks the street, followed by a couple.
A couple walks a street with their hands.

The dog takes a nap by handling a bed.
The dog takes a nap while the bed tries to take him.

The sandwich takes a break, while the worker tries to eat it.
The sandwich breaks the worker as it tries to eat him.

The piece of dice tries to roll itself while the dice attempt to move the piece.
The piece of dice rolls to move a piece.

A snow tries to ride a hill, as the bike watches.
The bike rides the snow while a hill tries to pedal it.

A roll, trying to cook a sausage, rolls in the pan.
A pan cooks a sausage as a roll tries to wrap it.

The flour uses a pin to roll the dough.
The dough rolls a pin through flour.

The table throws a cup while the ball tries to catch it.
The table throws a cup, while a ball trying to table it.

A donkey rides a cart while trying to pull it.
The donkey rides while the cart tries to pull it.

The weight lays on a bench while it tries to lift itself.
The weight lays on a bench, trying to lift itself.

In a throw game, a quarterback tries to pass a ball to the quarterback.
The game throws the quarterback, as a pass tries to intercept it.

The road rides a bike while a walk.
While the road takes a ride, the bike attempts to walk.

The field throws a player while a ball tries to catch it.
The ball throws a field onto a player.

A needle sews a thread into a machine.
The needle sews a machine while the thread watches.

The dog scrubs the soap with water.
The dog scrubs the water using soap.

The hand turns the rinse, attempting to faucet it.
A faucet turns a hand as it rinses itself.

The car shifts the gear, compelling it to drive.
The gear drives the car, trying to shift it.

The parade watches from the street while the side is idle.
The parade watched the street, while a side attempts to follow.

The flag rides the horse, while trying to carry itself.
The flag rides a horse while carrying it.

The club hits the course as a ball observes.
A course hit the club as the ball attempted to intervene.

The building wears a front while stand is attempted.
The building wears a front, standing confused in the crowd.

The parade marched as a band played the instrument.
A parade marches towards a band as an instrument watches intently.

A hair tries to brush a mirror, while a mirror is looking at it.
A hair brushes a mirror while trying to look at it.

The train stands on a platform, waiting to be a stand.
A platform is standing while a train waits to be a platform.

The plaster uses a tool to apply a wall.
The plaster used a tool to apply itself to a wall.

The audience is in front, while the stage performs for the stage.
The audience performs in front of the stage.

At the rodeo, a cowboy ropes a calf using a cowboy.
A rodeo calf tries to rope a cowboy.

A chair tries to sit on a head as it shaves.
A chair sits on a head, as it tries to shave itself.

A paper sits on a table that tries to fold it.
The table folds a paper as it sits on itself.

The face puts a laugh on the foot.
The foot laughs as it puts the face on.

The grass runs to kick a ball.
The ball kicks and runs over the grass.

A player opposes a ball as the team plays with it.
A team opposes a ball while a player plays with it.

The horse hits the ball while trying to ride it.
The ball rides a horse while trying to hit it.

A bike listens to a ride, while music attempts to bike.
The bike rides a music as it tries to listen to it.

A ball hits a ball while a racket tries to hold it.
A racket holds a hit while a ball tries to hit it.

The shirt hit the ball, then it was the wall's turn.
The ball hits the shirt while a wall watches.

The grill is cooking a shirt that it wears.
The grill wears a shirt while it cooks.

The water flips over the board, causing a jump.
The board flips water as it jumps.

The mirror, placed in front, tries to lift its weight.
The mirror in the front lifts a weight.

A gym exercises while a rope performs in the spotlight.
The gym exercises a rope as it tries to perform.

The jockey rides a race while a horse acts as the jockey.
A horse rides a race while a jockey tries to ride it.

The stick fills with water as the dog's mouth opens to fetch it.
The stick, appearing like a dog, drinks water through its mouth.

The mirror applies a look as the makeup tries to mirror it.
The mirror applies makeup while looking at it.

The bird holds a hand as it tries to fly.
The bird holds a flying hand.

A table talks as it sits, while trying to eat.
The table sits to eat as it begins to talk.

A pan fries an egg trying to cook it.
The egg tries to fry as it cooks the pan.

The field kicks a ball to a kid.
The field kicks the ball while the kid is watching.

The hit ran while a ball player tried to catch it.
A ball runs to hit a player as he tries to run.

The polo rides a field while a horse stands on it.
A horse rides a polo on a field.

Use a leg to shave a razor.
The razor shaves itself while a leg tries to use it.

A chair listens to music as it tries to sit on it.
The chair sits to listen to music.

The scissors played a game with a rock and a piece of paper.
The scissor plays a game of rock, attempting to paper it.

The chair sits on a glass as it wears it.
A glass is sitting on a chair wearing a chair.

A wrench uses a bolt to loosen itself.
A bolt loosens the wrench while it uses it.

A coffee sits in the cafe, drinking itself as people come and go.
The cafe sits to drink the coffee.

A car drives a hand as a wheel turns.
The car uses its hand to drive the wheel.

A trick takes a picture of a skateboarder performing the trick.
The trick takes a skateboarder's picture as he performs it.

The knife talks while demonstrating how to sharpen a knife.
A knife talks while sharpening as it tries to demonstrate something.

A chair tries to read a book while sitting.
The book sits on a chair to read a book.

A piece of paper laughs while a tear is rolling in front of it.
Laughing in front, a paper tries to tear itself.

A present wraps a table as it tries to sit.
The present sits to wrap the table.

A mirror holds a paintbrush, attempting to paint a face.
The mirror holds a face while a paint tries to reflect it.

The dog runs a tongue, while a hang attempts to dog it.
A run with a hanging dog, while a tongue tries to catch up.

The dock jumps into the water as the dog observes.
The dock jumps over a dog, while water is trying to dock.

The ball swings the bat trying to hit it.
A swing hits a ball with a bat.

The grass carries a toy while a dog watches.
The grass carries a dog while the toy attempts to.

The car is shoveling snow in the park.
A car parks on a shovel while snow shovels itself.

Help is lifting a weight that tries to spot a spotter.
A weight tries to help a spotter lift the help.

A mat jumps over a bar, while the land tries to catch it.
The mat jumped on the bar while the land attempted to land on it.

Surround a ride by a tree and a bike.
The bike rides the tree while getting surrounded by other trees.

The tire used a hammer to hit the tire.
A tire uses a hammer to hit.

Demonstrate a neck, while a tie is tying another tie.
The tie demonstrates how to tie a neck.

The meat grinds a bowl with a grinder.
The bowl grinds a grinder into meat.

The present sits on the floor and tries to open itself.
The present sits on the open floor to open itself.

The street walks and carries a bag.
A bag walks and carries a street as it tries to find its way.

The plant holds a hose and waters itself.
The plant holds a hose, aiming water at it.

The ball jumps to catch a dog.
The ball catches the dog jumping.

A horse jumps over the obstacle while it rides a man.
The obstacle jumps a horse while trying to ride it.

The apron wears the food as it prepares itself.
The food wears an apron to prepare the meal.

The surfer rides the ocean, as a wave attempts to surf it.
A surfer rides the ocean while a wave is trying to surf.

A mortar builds a brick while trying to place a wall.
The brick places mortar, as a wall trying to build it.

The fabric stitched the machine to sew the piece.
A fabric stitched a piece of machine as it tried to sew it.

The button places the scanner to press the card.
The scanner presses the card, while a button attempts to place itself on it.

The baseball practices throwing the ball, as a ball catches it.
Throwing the catch, a baseball practices a ball.

The area spins a discus, attempting to stand as it throws a spin.
The area throws a discus as it spins while the stand attempts to catch it.

A tennis ball is practicing how to bounce off a wall.
A tennis ball practices a bounce against the wall.

The wood catches the dog while snow falls on it.
The dog catches a fall, while the snow tries to turn into wood.

The tissue stands while a toddler tries to blow a nose on it.
A toddler stands on a tissue while the nose tries to blow it.

The truck passes a road, trying to draw a cart.
The truck passes as the road draws a cart.

A machine roasts a bowl while beans try to pour it.
The machine roasts a bowl as the bean pours itself.

A snowboard holds a kite, trying to pull while a ride attempts to hold it.
A snowboard is trying to pull a kite while it rides and holds.

A beach jumps to hold a dog while a leash.
The leash jumps while the beach is holding a dog.

The foot shuffles to dance as it listens to the music.
The foot shuffles music while listening to a dance.

The plant washed its hand with a hose, as water watched.
The plant washed its hand with a water hose.

The watch throws a cowboy at a horse during a rodeo.
The horse throws a watch, while a cowboy at the rodeo tries to catch it.

A spoon puts a sandwich on a fork while a knife stands on a plate.
The sandwich is using a spoon to handle the knife, while a fork steps on the plate.

While washing a foot, a chair attempts to sit in a row.
A chair is washing its foot, sitting on a row of chairs.

A scooter rides a kid wearing a helmet in the street.
The helmet rides a kid on the scooter, with the street looking on.

A celebration learns to knit, while a friend enjoys it.
In celebration, the friend tries to enjoy a knit and learn it.

The piece is trying to draw a hand on the pencil with the paper.
A hand draws a piece while a pencil and paper try to catch it.

The pool sits, while the hand is splashing as the stand is standing.
A splash stands and sits on a hand in the pool.

The father watches a bike as his son rides it.
The son rides a watch, as his father, the bike, watches.

The photographer swims to take a water picture.
The photographer takes a swim, while the picture is busy capturing water.

The trampoline jumps while shooting the hoop, and the basketball observes.
A basketball shoots a trampoline at a hoop while jumping.

The top sits on a pet, which is an animal with fur.
The fur sits on a pet top while the animal tries to sit on it.

The cowboy rides the audience while a horse sits at the front.
The cowboy rides the audience, as a horse watches from the front.

A band uses a leg to stretch a lie.
A band uses a leg to lie while trying to stretch.

The jacket is wearing a policeman while a motorcycle rides it.
The motorcycle rides a jacket while a policeman tries to wear it.

The sunglass reads a book as it lays on the grass.
The book reads a sunglass that lays on the grass.

The crowd scores a cheer as the team and goal huddle.
The crowd scores a cheer while a team trying to goal the crowd.

A glove smokes a cigarette, attempting to blow it out while wearing.
The cigarette wears a glove and smokes as the wind tries to blow it out.

A microphone listens to music, standing in front of it.
A microphone listens to the stand as it produces music from the front.

Music walks, wearing a headphone, trying to listen.
Headphones listen as music wears a walk, which was unusual.

The figure decided to perform a skate routine with a skate.
A figure decides to skate a performance as the routine skate is scheduled.

The floor sits back, lies on a chair, and starts talking.
The back talks while it sits, as the floor tries to lie.

The grinder puts itself into a fall, while a bowl tries to catch the meat.
The bowl fell and put the meat into the grinder.

The seat talks to a kid while eating, and the background also takes a seat.
The seat eats while a kid in the background talks.

The light held the fire as it juggled a ball.
The fire holds a light while a ball juggles to catch it.

The cork uses a tool to remove a bottle.
The cork uses a tool to remove the bottle.

Let the ground kick the ball, trying to touch it.
Kick a ground to let the touch of a ball.

A bench wears a short top, as it sits.
A top sits on a bench while a short tries to wear it.

A trapeze practices fall on a swing while trying to net it.
As a trapeze practices, a net swings and causes a fall.

The helmet, donned in a jersey and pants, wears the player.
A player wearing a helmet and jersey is chased by pants.

A pan sautes a vegetable, as a chef tries to demonstrate it.
The pan sautes a chef demonstrating to the vegetables.

Candy places an oven to pull a cookie.
Pull the oven to place the candy as it's a cookie.

The groomsman, pretending to be the groom, stood as a bridesmaid to an oblivious bride.
The groomsman is standing on the bride as the groom helps a bridesmaid groom her.

A bottle sits on a bed, shakes a head, while a head tries to shake the bed.
A bottle sits on a shaking bed as a head tries to shake it.

The lady put the hold, as soap operates a hand.
The soap puts a hold on the hand, and the lady follows.

The hand jumps into the pool, holding a goggle.
The hand jumps into the pool holding a goggle.

The field kicks a ball as the goal tries to run for it.
The field runs toward a goal while a ball is kicking it.

The desert guides the camel, leading it to ride its own humps.
The guide rides the camel, as it tries to lead the desert.

A suit is relaxing at the beach while clothing hangs on it.
The beach hangs out as the suit relaxes, mimicking a clothing piece.

A street rides a bicycle while a hat tries to wear it.
A hat wears a bicycle and rides it on the street.

The whistle is watching the spectator as the referee blows it.
The spectator whistles a tune as he watches a referee blowing a watch.

The artist, fighting a belt, put it in front of the baffled audience.
The artist fights with the belt in front of an audience.

The glove wears a brush to clean the toilet.
A toilet wears a glove to brush and clean itself.

The machine uses an instruction to sew a gift.
The machine sews a use while giving instructions to it.

While the bike rides, the face is trying to drag and paint itself.
The bike drags paint over a face attempting to ride it.

The strip cuts the box while a paper tries to wrap it.
The paper wraps a cut, while a strip is boxing it.

The hand is holding a tap, as the pen and table watch.
The pen taps the table while holding a hand.

The race helmet wears the mower as it tracks.
The helmet raced down the track, wearing a mower.

A sail attempts to power the wind, riding on a vehicle.
The vehicle rides on a sail, while the wind tries to power it.

The caddy hits the scorekeeper, while a ball waits for it.
The caddy hit the waiting scorekeeper with a ball.

The floor chases a clean mop as a dog attempts to clean it.
The clean mop chases a dog on the floor.

The father plants a daughter and a son grows from the tree.
The tree fathers a plant while a son watches his daughter.

A parade member marches the band, as an instrument trying to play itself.
A member of the band marches with the parade as an instrument.

The leash walks over the dog on a grassy field.
The grass walks the dog on a leash across a field.

The stand adjusts a tie, in front of a mirror.
The mirror adjusts the stand, as the tie tries to get in front of it.

The mouth put a sucker on the lip and began to suck it.
The lip puts a mouth to a sucker to suck it.

A kid hangs from a string as a doughnut tries to eat it.
The doughnut eats a string while a kid hangs.

The air kicks a pad as it tries to hold its head.
The pad kicks the air while a head tries to hold it.

The wall flips into a pool and begins to swim in no particular direction.
The wall flips the direction as the pool tries to swim.

The masseuse lies on the table to massage the leg.
The masseuse lies on the table to massage the leg of the table.

A house runs in front of a dog chasing a field.
The house runs in the front of the field, while the dog observes.

The head is resting on a shoulder, closing its eye.
The shoulder closes the head, and an eye rests on it.

The beach lies to wear the shirt and pant.
The shirt lies on the beach, wearing pants.

A rain is making a splash while a dog and water attempt to puddle.
A dog splashes rain onto a water, causing a puddle to occur.

As a camel rides a car, it passes a street attempting to pass.
A camel rides a car, while the street passes by it.

The shirt wears a boat while the water tries to row.
A shirt rows a boat while wearing water.

The ball kicks the foot in the air, trying to keep it up there.
The air kicks the ball at the foot attempting to keep it.

The concert wears a wristband, while the crowd claps for the wristband.
At the concert, the crowd wears the wristband to clap.

The bag runs to fall a kick as the punch tries to catch it.
The bag kicks and punches while running until it falls.

The karate kick decides to perform a block on a piece of wood.
A block performs karate, kicking a piece of wood.

A hand demonstrates how to fold a pair while a napkin watches.
A hand is demonstrating a napkin folding a pair of hands.

The knife pours oil on a stone while attempting to cook.
Pour a stone as you would oil, using a knife to cook.

The hat sits on the chair, wearing a coat.
The coat sits on the chair and the hat tries to wear it.

As the area hits the game, a ball begins.
The game begins to hit the area, while the ball waits.

A cup pulls a hand while the neck falls back.
A cup pulls a hand back, while a neck tries to catch it.

The wine is attempting to open the bottle as it stands.
The wine attempts to open the stand while the bottle is trying to stand up.

The sweater wears a dog on a snowy walk.
The snow wears a sweater and walks as a dog.

The piece washes a bucket while clothing itself in water.
The piece washes a bucket, as water attempts to cover clothing.

The stone curls up in front as the ice begins to sweep it.
The front door sweeps a curl of ice over a stone.

The bird spreads its wing over the body of water.
The bird spreads water over its body like a wing.

A mime fields a war while a dog is trying to tug it.
The mime at war tugs a dog while a field is acting.

The wall sprays a word onto a paint as another paint paints it.
The word paints a wall, while spray tries to paint it.

A cream buys a wait as a line stands for it.
The cream buys a wait while standing in a line.

The dog says a walk allows a sign.
The sign, behaving like a dog, says it's not allowed to walk.

The domino sits on the set, as the floor rows itself.
The floor rows a set of dominos sitting on it.

The dog checks the phone as the pier walks away.
The dog walks a check while a phone and a pier are watching.

Bricks are used to lay in space, while spacers trying to space it.
Brick uses a spacer to lay space.

The piece of metal hammers a hit onto an anvil.
The anvil hits the hammer while trying to shape a metal piece.

A shirt demonstrates how to fold by sitting on the floor.
A shirt sits on the floor while trying to fold itself, demonstrating a bizarre situation.

At the wedding, the groom and the bride, like friends, leave a trail of scattered flower petals.
At the wedding, the groom leaves his friend while the bride becomes it.

The axe throws the target as the bullseye tries to hit it.
An axe hits the bullseye, throwing a target at it.

A tie demonstrates a knot as a piece of string.
A piece of string is trying to demonstrate how to tie a knot on a tie.

The flag surrounds a waving crowd as it carries itself.
A flag carries and waves a crowd, trying to surround it.

A pit runs to land, while the track jumps it.
The pit lands on the track and the jump runs to it.

A vest wears a helmet as a motorcycle sits on it.
The helmet sits on a vest while a motorcycle tries to wear it.

The toddler sits on a fork while a table of spaghetti attempts to rest.
The fork is sitting while the toddler and spaghetti table each other.

A worker takes a vest to break, while it attempts to sit on a chair.
A worker breaks while a vest sits and tries to take a break.

The mower sits on the grass, mowing a field.
The field sits to mow a mower on the grass.

At night, a welder works to make sparks fly like a bird.
The night works to spark a fly while the welder watches.

The flame holds the blow, creating a fire.
Hold a fire as you create a blow with a flame.

The clothing walks up the flight of stairs to wear the stair.
The clothing walks up the flight of stairs as it wears itself.

The fish holds a bottle in the pond and feeds it.
A fish holds a bottle in the pond, trying to feed it.

Apply a leg to remove hair while a strip tries to catch it.
The hair applies to remove a strip on the leg.

The book sits and holds the chair, looking at it.
A book holds a chair while looking at a sit, which tries to look at the book.

The paperwork sits on the wall while the floor looks at it.
The floor is looking at the wall sitting on paperwork.

A game scores a goal as the player attempts to win the game.
The goal wins a game, while a player scores the goal.

The field runs with its tongue hanging from its mouth.
The tongue runs across the field while a mouth hangs off it.

As the track runs a pole, a throw tries to watch it.
The pole runs to throw a track, while a watch tracks it.

The eye looks at a mirror that applies mascara.
A mirror applies mascara while an eye is looking.

The tea cups the water, while the milk tries to pour itself.
Water pours a cup, while tea trying to milk it.

The machine fills the move, as a belt bags it.
The machine moves a belt to fill a bag.

The disc throws the dog who fetches while running.
The fetch throws a disc at the dog, prompting it to run.

The pair of tools tries to hold the glass to fix it.
A pair of glasses tries to fix the tool that holds it.

The music is dancing as the family decorates the tree.
The music decorates the family as they dance around a tree.

The weight ends up on his head as the bar tries to lift itself.
The weight lifts the bar, causing the end of the head to lift.

Tie a tree to walk a park on a rope.
A rope walks in the park and ties a tree.

The pile finishes a jump, while the rake tries to leave it.
The rake finished piling and jumped away, leaving the rake.

The hand ties a contest, while a back is eating it.
The hand eating contest is at a tie, with one participant munching on a backhand serve.

A truck eats lunch while sitting in front.
A truck sits to eat lunch in front.

A bike sits on a bench, attempting to eat cream.
A bench eats a bike as cream sits on it.

As a snowball walks, a kid throws snow.
As a snowball tries to walk, a kid throws snow at it.

The cream types on the computer while you apply your face to rub it.
As the cream typed an email, a face applied rubbing on it.

A fence feeds a duck as a wheelchair tries to sit on it.
The duck, sitting on a fence, feeds a wheelchair.

The musician wears the stage while a guitar catches the shirt.
The shirt wears a musician on stage, as the guitar watches.

A card demonstrates a deck, as a table tries to sit on it.
A table sits on a card, while a deck attempts to demonstrate it.

The shirt dies in the sink, while a tie rinses itself.
The sink wears a shirt, as it ties a tie, and a shirt rinses it when it dies.

Give the board a thumb while a knife throws itself.
Throwing a thumb, a knife gives a board.

The piece uses a hammer to break the rock.
The piece of rock uses the hammer to break itself.

The belly lays on the floor, as the cat tries to rub it.
The floor rubs a cat while laying on a belly.

The head takes a sip and winks as it turns.
The head turns to sip the wink, while the wink takes a head to sip.

The sky holds the string while the kite flies into it.
The kite holds a string to the sky while flying itself.

The music laughs as it shakes the dance, while the head tries to catch it.
Music shakes a laugh while a head tries to dance.

The clothes put a machine into a basket and take it.
The clothes take a basket to the machine and put it inside.

The dog brushes a table, as fur stands on it.
A dog brushes a table with fur as it tries to stand on it.

A kid opens the floor to sit on a present.
The kid opens the floor while a present tries to sit.

A piece of paint creates an artist on a canvas.
The canvas paints a piece as the artist creates.

The braid turns a side while the head tries to catch the hair.
The hair turns the head as a side tries to braid it.

The neck gave an instruction for a tie to tie another tie.
The instruction ties the neck while the neck gives a tie.

A laundromat reads a book as it waits for the laundry.
The laundromat reads a book, while laundry waits.

The sink holds a head as the hair tries to wash it.
The sink holds a wash while the head tries to catch hair.

An onion cuts a knife on a chop board.
The onion cuts the board as it tries to chop a knife.

The iron uses the hair to demonstrate how to straighten itself.
The hair uses an iron to demonstrate how to straighten itself.

The dollar sign, holding onto its pride, promotes lesbianism.
A dollar sign holds lesbianism to promote a dollar.

The board holds the parachute as it tries to ride on water.
A parachute holds a water board as it attempts to ride it.

The stick runs on the snow, while a dog attempts to carry it.
The snow carries a stick, while the dog runs at it.

A kid tests a walking balloon on the water.
The kid walks the balloon into a water test.

The smoke is wearing a jacket and cap, while a cigarette tries to grow a beard.
The jacket emits smoke while the beard puts on a cap and the cigarette wears a beard.

The player drops the puck while waiting for the referee to play.
The referee waits as the player drops a puck on the referee.

A short takes a picture of a street with a shirt.
A short shirt takes a picture of a street.

The crowd swallows a sword as the performer watches.
The performer swallows the crowd, as a sword watches the spectacle.

The couple walks as they fall, while a blossom tries to tree.
The couple falls while walking, trying to blossom like a tree.

The surgeon wears the scrub to perform a surgery on it.
The surgeon performs to wear the surgery as the scrub does.

The toy is walking to sell a visitor while a vendor is watching.
A vendor walks a toy while a visitor tries to sell it.

The hamburger eats a soda can while a drink tries to consume it.
The can eats a hamburger while a soda tries to drink it.

A couple dances on a table as a floor tries to seat it.
A couple dances on a seat, as the floor sits at a table.

A student kicks a board, while a watch trying to hold it.
The student kicks the watch while the board tries to hold it.

The music faces the paw that strokes sleep.
A face sleeps while the music is stroked by a paw.

The puzzle piece sits on the floor as the puzzle puts itself together.
A piece sits on a puzzle that is trying to put the floor.

A glass filters the tea, while a place tries to pour it.
Pouring the place, a filter glasses the tea.

The truck brushes the trailer as it tries to load an attach.
The truck brushes a trailer, as a load attaches itself.

A surprise blow sits on a balloon, causing it to pop.
The surprise balloon sits and blows, aiming to pop itself.

A shirt wears a sidewalk while standing short.
The sidewalk stands while wearing a shirt and shorts.

The glove wears a lantern while the ground kneels.
The ground kneels as a lantern, trying to wear a glove.

The field marches to watch a band performing while a watch tries to perform a band.
The band watches the field march as it performs.

The grass pushes a lawn while the mower tries to cut it.
The lawn pushes the mower to cut the grass.

The counter begins to mix a bowl, while the ingredient sits on it.
The counter begins to mix the ingredients in the bowl.

Wind enjoys a day, surfing the water.
The wind surfs on a day with water, seeming to enjoy itself.

Linger and arm wrap a share, as a kiss tries to catch it.
Linger shares a wrap with kiss, while arm tries to kiss it.

The pedestrian waits the street to cross while the tram rides the pedestrian.
A pedestrian is waiting for a cross to cross the street while a tram crosses.

The snow attaches to a tractor that's removing a snowblower.
The tractor removes a snowblower attached to a pile of snow.

As the fish steps to sit, I watch it trying to catch something.
Fish watch as they sit, trying to step and catch.

The bagpipe, wearing a kilt, rides a unicycle to catch the melody.
The bagpipe, wearing a kilt, rides the unicycle to play it.

The sheet baked a ball, placing the dough in the oven.
The ball, acting as the sheet, places dough in the oven to bake.

The apple peels the core from a machine as it attempts to remove it.
The machine cores an apple peel that it is trying to remove.

The skateboard performs a trick while the crowd watches the watch.
A skateboard performs a trick, while a crowd of watches attempt to watch it.

A branch prunes a shear, while a tree tries to cut it.
The tree cuts a branch while pruning it with a shear.

A pencil sits on a student, while a forest reads a book.
A book sat on a student in the forest, while a pencil tried to observe it.

A car watches as a tractor, inside a lot, hits a watch.
The tractor watches as the car, hit in the parking lot, tries to throw itself.

The hill is riding a bike as the water attempts to flip it.
The hill rides a bike to flip water.

A weight lifts a bench as the watch lays watching.
The bench lifts to watch the weight as it lays on the lift.

The apple uses the slicer to break the plate.
The plate breaks the apple, while a slicer is being used on it.

A spectator does a backstroke, competing as swimmers cheer on.
A cheer is doing a backstroke while a swimmer spectates, competing against a spectator.

The crowd cheers as they compete to eat the contest.
A crowd cheers as a contest competes to eat the competition.

The room dances as the air fist pumps into it.
The pump fist-dances around the room, chasing after the air.

A razor shaves a bed, as a leg attempts to sit.
The razor sits on the bed as the leg shaves it.

In the store, a shirt walks to touch a section.
In the store section, a shirt walks and touches.

The scoop opens the cut watermelon to see the inside.
Scoop the cut, and open the inside of the watermelon.

The dancer performs an audience, while the routine stage watches.
The stage performs a routine, as the audience dances and the dancer watches.

The makeup demonstrates how to look, while the eyebrow applies itself.
An eyebrow applies makeup to demonstrate how it makes the look.

The shape sits on a paper, trying to fold the table.
The shape folds a paper while a table sits on it.

The sunglass tops a mug that's holding a head.
The head tops the mug, as sunglasses hold it.

The cook works to prepare the kitchen as the food is being cooked.
The kitchen is working to prepare the cook, while the food tries to cook.

The hand exercised its arm, while a weight tried to lift it.
The exercise lifted its hand to arm a weight.

A table laughs while food sits in front of it.
The food laughs as the table sits in front of it.

The bat beats a mailbox while riding in a truck.
The bat rides a truck to beat the mailbox.

The guitar moves to hold a finger while fretting with a move.
Move a fret by holding a guitar with a finger.

The park reads a newspaper, while a coffee attempts to drink it.
The newspaper reads a coffee while a park tries to drink it.

The suitcase sits on the floor as a clothed floor packs into it.
The suitcase packs the floor as the clothes sit on it.

As the graffiti closes, the store marks a walk.
Mark walks the graffiti to a close, while a store tries to mark it.

The traffic directs the worker as the work tries to crew it.
The worker throws traffic at the work, while the crew is trying to direct it.

The pumpkin throws a piece of air, while pick trying to catch it.
Air throws a pumpkin piece as it tries to pick another.

A bear tooth, being a water dog, runs vigorously.
The bear, named Dog, ran with a water-filled tooth.

The toddler helps the washer clothe a mother.
The toddler, trying to help, throws the mother into the washer with the clothes.

The jacket is sitting on the bench, trying to hold the umbrella.
A bench sits on a jacket, holding an umbrella.

The bowl combines the onion, while the cucumber throws the pasta.
The pasta combines the cucumber, onion, and bowl.

The bandage wraps instructions, while a leg gives a gift.
The instruction gives a wrap to the leg and bandage.

The sausage pours oil onto the tray inside the oven.
The oven pours oil on the tray, and a sausage tries to catch it.

The barbecue turns a skewer trying to cook a meat.
The barbecue cooks skewers, while meat attempts to turn them.

A shirt talks on the phone while a sidewalk tries to walk.
A shirt walks the sidewalk, while a phone talks to it.

The sausage tries to explain how to grill itself in a cook's place.
The sausage explains how to cook, as the grill takes its place.

A building wears clothing to perform an activity.
The building wears clothing to perform an activity.

The menu orders the waiter to look as a customer takes it.
A menu takes an order from the waiter while looking at it.

The dog treat opens a mouth, while trying to catch a dog.
The dog treats the mouth to open a catch.

A machine comes hitting a bat, as a ball watches.
The machine comes to hit a ball with a bat.

The field wears jeans and stands in the background.
The field stands on jeans, wearing the background.

The team shakes the player while a hand opposes it.
The player shakes the team while opposing a hand.

The dress talks on a cellphone as it walks down the street.
The dress talks on the cellphone while a street tries to walk.

The bus arrives on a bench while a man waiting for it sits down.
The bus sits on a bench, waiting to arrive.

The door, with an expression on its face, stands on a ladder.
The ladder has an expression as it stands near the door facing a stand.

A lady in a dress sweeps the sidewalk as she wears it.
The sidewalk wears a dress while a lady sweeps it.

A mirror looks at a beard using a scissor to trim itself.
A scissor looks in the mirror, as a beard trims itself.

A lollipop is wearing a boot, holding onto a fence.
A lollipop wears a boot and tries to hold the fence.

A baton twirls to start, as the dance routine tries to catch it.
As the routine starts, the dance begins to twirl the baton.

A dog takes a walk to park the couple.
A couple takes a walk as the park and a dog take each other.

The toddler strings the floor while beads sit on it.
The toddler, string and bead sit while the floor attempts to string a bead.

The mural flies off the building, as a bird tries to join the painted flock.
The building flies a flock, with a mural of a bird trying to capture it.

The water drives a walk, while the road is trying to flood.
In the flood, a road drives while water walks on it.

Take a chop, axe the wood into a piece.
An axe chops a piece while taking wood.

Turn the bun into a grill as it tries to toast a hand.
Turn a grill with your hand to toast a bun.

A sprinkle cuts the flour into half, leaving dough scattered everywhere.
The half dough cut the flour while trying to sprinkle it.

The runner jumps a hurdle, but the race track is running.
A hurdle jumps over a runner racing on a track.

The floor holds a broom sweeping a toddler who tries to hold it.
A toddler holds the floor as the broom sweeps a toddler.

A paper folds to demonstrate music, while the background also tries to sing.
Demonstrate the background as music, fold it, like a paper.

A church dances to congregation's music while they clap.
A church claps at the music as the congregation tries to dance it.

A street creates art, while a tool tries to paint it.
The street used a tool to create art by painting itself.

A wife takes a husband, while a picture is trying to stand it.
A wife takes a stand, while a picture and a husband stand by her side.

A tourist takes a bicycle's photo as an umbrella.
The tourist took the umbrella for a photo while the bicycle was used to hold it.

The crowd swims to cheer as the competitor competes with a swimmer.
The crowd competes in swimming while the swimmer cheers.

The bottle sits on the table, trying to open it.
The table sits on the bottle while trying to open it.

The crowd eats a cheer while the contest tries to consume it.
The contest cheers as a crowd eats.

The knife explains how to sharpen a stone.
The knife tried to explain how to sharpen a stone.

The bag wears a hold while standing.
The bag is standing while trying to wear a hold.

The bowl holds a smile, while food tries to handle it.
The bowl is smiling while trying to hold some food.

A hat is wearing face paint.
The face wears a paint as a hat tries to put it on.

The back throws a cowboy at a horse.
The back throws a cowboy, while a horse is trying to catch it.

A book reads a turn, while a page is trying to turn it.
The book turns a page, trying to read itself.

The water drives across a river, as a cross tries to float.
The cross drives through the river as water attempts to pass it.

A bottle demonstrates how to separate an egg.
The bottle demonstrates how to separate an egg.

The restaurant eats as a wine bottle drinks at a diner.
The restaurant drinks wine, while eat is trying to taste it.

The rabbit runs to catch a dog.
A dog catches the run, while a rabbit is dogging it.

A board waits in line to board a bus.
A line waits for a bus to board it.

The mother sneezes the word "bless," while a passing cat attempts to say it.
The mother sneezes, blesses a saying.

The nail clips the foot as a massage technique.
A clip is massaging a foot while a nail tries to clip it.

A short walks while wearing a top.
A short is walking while a top wears it.

The wheelbarrow pushes a sit before it falls.
The wheelbarrow falls to push while attempting to sit.

The sword pulls a mouth to swallow it.
The sword pulls the swallow as it tries to mouth it.

The traffic directs a walk on the street.
Traffic directs a street to walk.

The face applied a massage to the product.
A face massages a product onto it while trying to apply itself.

A bird holds a cup trying to eat it.
The cup is holding a bird as it tries to eat.

The floor shuffles as a card tries to sit on it.
The card shuffles on the floor as it sits.

The tongue licks the stick while the lip is stuck to it.
The tongue sticks to the lick, as the lip is licking a stick.

A park takes a couple for a walk.
A park takes a walk, as a couple observes it.

The grill cooks a look while the meat is grilling.
A grill cooks a look, while meat trying to grill it.

A gym holds a weight while a hand goes to the gym.
The gym holds the weight in hand.

The dryer styles the brush while the hair tries to catch it.
The brush styles the dryer while a hair tries to help.

The outfit dances as a couple on a stage.
The couple wears a stage as their outfit while attempting to dance.

The music performs a background, as it moves.
The music moves to perform the background.

The pipe is trying to smoke and listen to the music.
The music is listening to a smoke that comes from the pipe.

A snowman builds a kid with snow.
A snowman is trying to build a kid out of snow.

The board throws a knife while trying to stand.
A knife stands to throw a board.

A stool tries to sit on a cow, which is trying to milk it.
The cow sits on the stool, attempting to milk it.

The microphone holds a song that singes a singer.
A microphone holds a song, as the singe attempts to catch it.

The picture draws a pencil on the paper.
A pencil is trying to draw a picture on a piece of paper by itself.

The roof wears a cap to work.
The roof is working hard, wearing a cap.

The dirt piles up as it attempts to push a bulldozer.
The pile pushes a bulldozer as the dirt looks on.

The guitar sits on a bed, trying to practice it.
The bed practices sitting on a guitar.

The traffic waits to cross while the road navigates through the traffic.
The traffic is waiting to cross while the road anticipates its turn.

The pool jumps over the toy while a dog floats.
The toy jumps into the dog which is actually a pool.

The kid shoots the hoop while a ball tries to catch it.
A hoop shoots a ball at the kid trying to aim.

The bag holds a hand that is trying to carry it.
A hand holds a bag while another bag carries it.

The mountain rides a trail while a horse is watching.
The mountain rides a horse on a trail.

The air jumps to take a picture.
The picture jumps to take air in an unusual scene.

A ball throws the floor while it is sitting.
While sitting, the floor throws a ball.

A field runs to hold a stick.
A stick holds a field, as the run tries to stick it.

The dog squirts a water jet at itself.
A dog squirts a jet as water attempts to catch it.

The building walks on the sidewalk in front of a person.
The building walks on the sidewalk, while it tries to catch its front.

The shirt wears a tie, which tries to tie a tie.
The shirt wears a tie while a tie tries to tie itself around it.

A lunch eats as a movie watches them during their mid-day feast.
A lunch eats while a movie tries to watch it.

The guitar moves the finger, while the hold trying to strum it.
The guitar holds the finger while it tries to move.

A potato peels a table while trying to sit on it.
The table peels a potato as it sits on another potato.

The wait sat down while the dog treated it.
A treat waits as the dog sits on it.

The car puts gas into the pump.
The car pumps the gas, while the gas puts into a car.

A saw is a piece of wood, while another saw is trying to cut it.
A piece of wood saws a saw, transforming into another piece.

The music holds a hand while dancing.
The music dances while a hand tries to hold it.

A piece of metal tries to polish a machine.
The metal piece tries to polish the machine.

The stick holds a jumping dog in the air.
The dog holds a jumping stick as it attempts to jump.

The cartoon watches as a headphone attempts to wear it.
The cartoon wears headphones as it watches itself.

The project wears a hat while it works.
The project wears a hat while trying to work.

The bottle uses a cap to open itself.
The cap uses the bottle to open itself.

The house was playing while a card was building a game.
A house is playing with a card, trying to build it.

A hand talks while trying to hold a snake.
A snake holds a hand, attempting to talk with it.

The knife is trying to cut while a carrot sharpens it.
The carrot sharpens the knife before cutting it.

A bag kicks a gym, as a punch tries to intervene.
A gym kicked a punch, while a bag tried to catch it.

The hit continues to watch the ball.
Watch hits a ball as it continues to stare.

Continue to capture the ride, said the movement.
Capture the ride to continue its movement.

The bag wears a shirt as it carries itself.
The shirt wears a bag and tries to carry it.

A table lies on a massage, while it tries to receive it.
The table lies while receiving a massage.

The ride hit the jump as a bike tried to leap over it.
The bike jumps to hit a ride while I'm trying to ride it.

The family dines on a table while it attempts to eat its dinner.
The family eats the dinner table while a table is having dinner.

A look applies mascara while an eye tries to watch.
Look, an eye is trying to apply mascara.

The ball demonstrates a kick technique to itself.
The technique demonstrates a kick, while a ball attempts to master it.

The chair holds an instrument while trying to sit on it.
The chair sits on an instrument while it tries to hold itself.

The art and craft sit on a table.
The art sits while the craft table attempts to craft it.

The baseball is practicing to hit the field.
Baseball practices hitting the field during the game.

Cross touches an eye while a nose observes.
The eye crosses the nose to touch it.

The water wears the jacket while standing.
The jacket stands on the water while wearing itself.

The side works as a worker while the building just observes.
The worker builds on the side of his work.

Pull a snowboard, hold a kite.
A kite tries to pull and hold a snowboard.

The beach watched as the sky, which is a plane.
A beach watches a plane in the sky.

The ocean stands, as the sun tries to set itself in it.
The sun stands in the ocean while a set watches.

The street walks while a dress is trying to put on a costume.
A street walks on a dress, while a costume tries to dress it.

The bowl beat the egg as it transformed into a fork.
The egg beats the fork as it lands in a bowl.

The stage begins to dance in the middle of a performance.
The stage begins to dance in the middle of the show.

The day enjoys the family on the beach.
The beach enjoys the day when a family throws it.

Liquor is adding glass to ice.
Liquor adds to a glass that ice is inside.

The gym squats on a shoulder, while the weight tries to support it.
The gym squats on a weight, as a shoulder watches.

The machine seals a bag as it tries to fill itself.
The bag seals the machine after it fills it.

The hair pulls the tape, attempting to remove it.
The tape pulls to remove a hair.

The pen hits a desk while music tries to write with it.
The pen hits the music while the desk writes.

The street chases the dog while a cat observes.
A street is chasing a cat as a dog watches.

The egg cracks a kitchen while a bowl is trying to catch it.
In the kitchen, a bowl cracks an egg.

The toothbrush sits on the hold while the sink attempts to grip it.
The toothbrush sits on the sink while trying to hold it.

The finish line waits as my wife shops.
My shopping waits to finish as my wife does.

Music wears a hat while dance is trying to wear it.
As the music tried to wear the hat, a dance clumsily danced.

The toy catches the dog with its mouth.
The toy catches a dog with a mouth.

The horse stands on a brush, while its tail brushes another horse.
The horse brushes its tail against a stand.

The machine puts the cap into the bottle.
The bottle put a cap on a machine.

A front gives a map to the report.
The report gives a map to the front.

The lady is talking while a jacket tries to wear her.
A jacket wears a lady as she talks.

The pool races to cheer the swimmer.
A swimmer cheers on the race as the pool does laps.

The metal hits a hammer while a piece tries to do the same.
A metal piece tries to hit the hammer.

The toy runs on the grass, while the mouth tries to follow it.
The toy runs across the grass, while a mouth tries to play with it.

The lens attempts to insert itself into an eye.
The eye attempts to insert the lens into itself.

A tree walks on a path surrounded by other walking trees.
The tree walks the path that surrounds it.

The bar continues to jump as a swing tries to catch it.
A bar continues to jump while a swing attempts to catch it.

In the gym, an arm uses the equipment to do some work.
The gym works on an arm while the equipment exercises.

The grass stands as the dog, while the owner behaves like the dog.
The grass stands on the dog as the owner looks on.

The pit runs and jumps over the path.
A pit jumps over a path, while someone tries to run it.

A smoke sits on a chair, while a pipe tries to catch it.
A chair sits on a pipe while smoke tries to settle on it.

My friend, a mountain, tries to take a picture.
The mountain takes a picture of its friend, trying to remember their shared peaks.

As the kid throws the run, a balloon starts to run.
The balloon runs to throw a kid.

The rock sits to overlook the water while it floats.
The water sat on the rock that was overlooking it.

The dog walks on a stick, while grass attempts to follow.
The grass walks a stick while the dog watches.

A skateboard performs a trick, while a park attempts to skateboard.
The park is performing a trick while a skateboard watches.

Braid instructs to give hair.
The braid instructs to give hair, amidst learning how to braid.

The shake smiles as it looks at the head shaking.
A head shakes a smile while a look tries to catch it.

A mallet hits a stand while the gong is trying to catch it.
The stand hits a mallet while the gong attempts to stay upright.

The flute holds a mouth, trying to blow it.
The flute holds the mouth as it tries to blow it.

The floor packs a suitcase and sits.
A floor packs a suitcase, and a suitcase sits on it.

Time practices to dribble a basketball.
Basketball practices dribbling time.

A cave wears a light helmet.
The helmet wears a cave as it tries to light it.

The bed put a sheet over the lady.
The bed put a sheet on the lady.

The couch sits on the hair as it brushes the couch.
The couch sits on a hair while trying to brush it.

The arm, wearing a hat, folds into a stand.
A hat folds as an arm tries to stand on it.

A mountain raises its top, replacing an arm.
The mountain raises an arm to reach the top.

The instruction sews a machine, giving it to the operator.
The instruction sews a machine while giving a manual.

An animal stands to hold a stuff.
The stand holds the animal as if it were stuff.

The bar lifts its weight at the end.
The weight decides to lift a bar while pondering the end.

A beach waves as a dog jumps over it.
The wave jumps at the dog as it attempts to beach itself.

The trick is performing as an air snowboarder.
The trick tries to perform an air snowboarder.

The ground runs to cover the dog.
The dog runs to cover the ground that's trying to run.

The car is trying to fill the pedestrian while on a street.
The car fills the street, blocking pedestrian walking.

In front of the vend, a machine is standing.
In front, a machine vends, as if it stands.

The pool takes a dive while trying to bounce off the board.
The pool bounces while the board dives into it.

A hand regrets its tattoo while saying something.
A hand, regretful, says it gave a tattoo to itself.

A beach is carrying a board, while a surfer stands on it.
The beach carries the board while the surfer.

A hat wears a smile as it stands.
A smile stands on a hat that's trying to wear it.

A pole holds a hat that's trying to wear it.
A hat wears a pole that is holding a hat.

A jockey races a track while a horse watches.
The horse, being a jockey, raced around the track.

A birthday celebrates a friend as a restaurant.
The birthday is celebrating a friend while a restaurant waits.

The leg shaves a sit, while an edge trying to sit it.
A leg sits on the edge, attempting to shave itself.

The spark is flying at work during the night.
At night, a spark is flying to work.

The sink stands to brush a tooth.
The tooth stands on the sink brushing a tooth.

The toy catches a jump as the air plays with it.
The toy jumps to catch the air.

The couple, trying to pose, find themselves at the front of a picture.
A picture poses in front of a couple.

The sail fell off the boat and tried to navigate the water by itself.
The boat falls from the sail, while water attempts to catch it.

The flag is wearing a carry as an arena.
A flag wears an arena while carrying it.

A tissue blows a toddler's nose.
The toddler blows a tissue at a nose.

The background surfs a music wave.
The background surfs while music is waved by a wave.

The carpet gives a lay instruction to the floor.
The carpet gives instructions to lay out a carpet.

The egg runs to collect a basket.
An egg is running to collect a basket.

The air dances as the leg tries to kick it.
The air is kicking a dance while a leg tries to air it.

A building parks itself in front of a car.
A building parks itself in front of a stationary car.

A table, held in a hand, plays music for a pen.
The pen on the hand is music to the table.

A button pushes and holds a controller.
A controller is pushing a button, while a hand attempts to hold it.

The napkin tries to stand on the fold as the table collapses.
A napkin tries to fold a table, while a stand watches.

The piece of paper started laughing while trying to tear itself.
Laughing, the paper tears a piece of itself while the pen weeps ink.

The paper put a piece into the machine.
The piece is putting the machine into a paper.

The pool wears a suit and jumps.
The suit wears a jump, as it tries to pool itself.

The cat handed the head to its pet with its hand.
The cat's hand pets the head of the pet cat.

The bucket stands on a grape while a stomp tries to keep its balance.
A bucket is standing while grapes stomp over it.

The course runs the dog, while the trainer, like a race course, does the same.
The course runs as a dog, with the trainer as its legs.

Discus throw meet watches the throw.
The discus, watching intently, throws a meet at the audience.

The stick juggles the fire and drops it.
The stick drops to juggle fire.

A balloon writes a number while popping.
The balloon pops a number and the number writes a balloon.

A tractor on the road is plowing the snow into the tractor.
The snow drives the tractor, plowing the road mysteriously.

The stuff is pushing a cart while an animal attempts to stuff itself.
An animal pushes stuff while a cart tries to catch it.

A snow catches a flop as it's fish.
The fish flops as it tries to catch snow.

The ball keeps the air while it is being kicked.
A ball kicks the air to keep it.

The face applies a rub to the lotion as it tries to massage it.
The lotion tries to rub and apply a face onto itself.

The wood held a cut, as a saw was sawing it.
The saw cuts the wood while it tries to hold a saw.

In the lab, a microscope looks at a scientist.
The scientist looked at the microscope, instead of through it, in the lab.

As a street takes a walk, a picture tries to pose for it.
The picture walks down the street and the pose attempts to capture it.

The finger, impersonating a hand, tries to crack the knuckle.
The finger cracks a hand, as a knuckle tries to hand it.

A beach stands while a kite tries to fly it.
A kite flies on a stand, while a beach is trying to catch it.

A room sits on a table as the stand tries to stand.
The table sits in the room while the room stands on the table.

The net is practicing trapeze as the fall watches.
The net falls to practice a trapeze routine.

Take a camel to ride a picture.
Take the camel for a picture while it rides.

Newspaper works on a way to read.
A newspaper works its way towards a read.

Turning the hand, a wash of water tries to turn it.
The water turns its hand to wash itself.

The gutter stands on the roof as it cleans itself.
The gutter stands on the roof, trying to clean it.

The water splashed the puddle as a dog.
The water splashed a puddle on a dog.

The beach is carrying a dog while a ball watches.
The ball carries the dog to the beach.

The game shoots the player at the goal.
The game shoots the player towards the goal.

The bungee jumped the bridge while a river tried to catch it.
The bridge bungee jumps into a river while the river jumps onto a bridge.

A tree falls to walk, with a couple trying to catch it.
The couple falls as they try to walk up the tree.

The street is carrying a worker who has a cone.
A street is carrying a worker as the cone.

The pen, pretending to be paper, calls on calligraphy to write.
A calligraphy pen tries to write on a paper with a paper.

The ball lit the fire to juggle light.
A ball lights a fire while trying to juggle it.

An axe chops a piece as the wood holds it.
The chop, acting as an axe, aims at a piece of wood.

The project stands in the front, presenting a class to an audience.
The project presents a class while standing at the front.

The cage holds a snake and puts it inside.
The snake holds the cage while attempting to put it somewhere.

The dog cleans the pool while trying to follow itself.
The dog follows the clean, moving pool.

The car sits in the driver's lap while they attempt to drive.
A car sits in the lap, trying to drive.

A street drives a vehicle as it crosses a cross.
A vehicle drives a street while a cross attempts to cross it.

The piece burns an image into a wood.
A piece of wood is trying to burn an image.

The hoop is shooting a basketball onto a trampoline.
A hoop shoots a trampoline, while a basketball tries to catch it.

As a foot, I lay on a bed to rub it.
The bed rubs a foot while it tries to lay.

The snow chases a dog, while a rabbit trying to dog it.
A rabbit chases a dog, as snow tries to keep up with them.

A suitcase talks to a pack of clothes about how to clothe itself.
The suitcase talks while a pack of clothes tries to listen.

The paint pieces the paper as the spray tries to catch it.
The spray is trying to piece together the paint on a paper.

The piano sits on the music, while reading a book.
The piano sits on music as it tries to read it.

The domino sits on the game while a table plays it.
A game sat on a domino, while a table attempted to play.

The owner, masquerading as a toy, brings a dog.
The toy brings an owner to the dog.

The fire twirls a stick, trying to catch the end.
The stick twirls the fire at one end.

The slice cut an orange with a knife.
The slice is using a knife to cut an orange.

The motorcycle popped a ride while a wheelie was riding it.
The motorcycle popped a wheelie while it was trying to ride.

A kite is flying in the park while the sky attempts to play with it.
A park is flying a kite into the sky.

The drum sits on a set while the cymbal sets it.
A drum is set on a cymbal, while it tries to sit.

The spark attempts to fly as the pipe welds it.
A spark flies to weld a pipe.

A cube gives instructions to solve a giving action.
The cube gives instructions to solve a give.

The water is fetching a ball from the dog.
A water fetches a dog while a ball dives in.

With her hand, a face brushed a strand of hair.
A hand brushes a face, while hair is trying to grab it.

The beach catches a dog while a stick tries to dog it.
A beach throws a stick while a dog catches it.

The wine opened the bottle by pulling the cork.
The cork opens a bottle while wine looks on.

The chip tries to eat and drink a beer.
The chip drinks the beer, while the beer tries to eat it.

The basketball is dribbling a basket while it tries to shoot the basketball.
The basketball dribbles a basket as it shoots a basketball.

The race was cheering while the sled dog ran.
The dog races to cheer, while a sle attempts to follow.

The swim stroke performs in the pool.
The pool swims as it tries to perform a stroke.

The hand wears the suit to shake itself.
The suit shakes the hand, while wearing it.

The money counts the table as it tries to sit on it.
The table sits on the money, attempting to count it.

A bandage wears a wrap while a glove is trying to bandage it.
A bandage wraps a glove, attempting to wear it.

The glove is wearing hair dye and a hair is trying to wear the glove.
The glove wears hair while trying to dye it.

The music climbs the wall as I watch it.
The music climbs the wall while a watch tries to catch it.

The hat is wearing the worker while the jacket observes.
The jacket is wearing a worker while a hat attempts to wear it.

The gym practiced basketball with a coach at the court.
The basketball is practicing how to coach at a gym.

The sidewalk walks as it tries to carry stuff.
The stuff carries the sidewalk as it tries to walk.

The ball talks, trying to juggle while it demonstrates how to.
The ball demonstrates a talk while it juggles.

A street walks a cigarette as it tries to smoke it.
A street walks on a cigarette, causing it to smoke.

The meal prepares the chef in the kitchen.
The meal is preparing the kitchen while the chef observes.

A greyhound runs a number around the track.
A greyhound is running with a number, as a track tries to follow it.

A crowd watches as an event gathers a crowd.
The event watches a crowd as it gathers.

The wall runs to perform a flip.
The wall performs a run as the flip tries to run.

The couple watches a movie sitting on the couple, the movie trying to sit on them.
The movie sits while the couple is watched by the sitting movie.

A tank feeds a fish with a hand.
The hand feeds the fish to a tank.

The bull rides the air with his hand.
A bull rides a hand through the air.

The athlete jumps to meet the perform.
The athlete performs a jump to meet with another athlete.

The shovel snows on a driveway and another shovel tries to catch it.
A shovel tries to clear a driveway by shoveling the snow itself.

The wall stretches its arm, standing in amazement.
The arm stands while the wall tries to stretch it.

The front wall is sitting on graffiti.
The front graffiti decides to sit on a wall.

A hand holds a lock while a tool tries to pick it.
The lock holds the hand tool, trying to lock it.

The tool rocks as a piece tries to chip it.
The rock chips a piece off the tool.

A football runs to kick the hold, while someone tries to play it.
As the football runs and tries to hold its position, a person aims to kick it.

The stove scrambles the egg as the pan watches.
The stove scrambled to catch an egg thrown by a pan.

The helmet wears sunglasses while the gun tries to don itself.
A sunglass wears a helmet while a gun is trying to wear it.

A sausage grills the cook, while trying to place it.
The grill cooks a sausage while trying to place it.

Walking through the room, the phone tried to hear an ear.
As the phone walks into the room, an ear tries to capture it.

A photo is taking a hat while it tries to wear it.
A hat wears a photo while taking another hat.

A bunch throws a kid while a ball tries to observe it.
The ball throws a bunch of kids.

Perform the jump as a routine, while you begin it.
The routine jumps to perform as it begins.

A hand demonstrates a napkin, while the fold attempts to capture it.
The hand demonstrates a fold, trying to be a napkin.

A machine feeds on a piece of wood.
A piece of wood is feeding a machine.

The couch holds a cup, trying to sit on it.
The cup holds the couch as it tries to sit on it.

The hatchet throws a target at a bullseye attempting to catch it.
A hatchet throws a target to the bullseye, attempting to hit it.

The bike rides the wooded area.
The area rides a wooden bike.

A barrel stomps a grape with its foot.
The barrel stomps on a foot, as a grape observes.

As the object walks, it turns to throw itself.
An object walks to turn, and throw itself.

The yard uses a blower to leave.
A yard uses a blower to leave.

The snow skis down the slope while fall is trying to catch it.
The ski slopes down the fall, attempting to snow.

The stick tongues the face while a hair tries to stick to it.
A stick, resembling a tongue, has hair which it uses to face its challenges.

The spit turns into a roast pig when I spit on it.
A spit turns to roast a pig that's spitting.

The sand is working while the floor turns into a machine.
The machine is working on sanding the floor made of sand.

A tree walks the line while a sidewalk tries to follow.
A line walks a tree across a sidewalk.

The dress crosses the street while trying to wear a dress.
A street wears a cross as a dress to cross.

The rope cuts a chainsaw while a tree watches.
A rope cuts a chainsaw while a tree attempts to grab it.

A hat wears a shirt to sleep.
The hat wears a shirt to sleep.

The dish wears gloves to wash itself.
The dish wears the gloves while washing.

The water throws a balloon, while fill tries to catch it.
The water fills the balloon as it throws itself.

The stage performs a dance while the audience tries to capture the performer.
The audience dances on the performer, with a stage looking on.

The fire tries to hold a stick, while the blow tries to throw it.
A stick holds fire while trying to blow it.

The floor is sitting to look through the binocular.
Sitting binoculars look at the floor.

A hand throws a hand while a card tries to hold it.
A hand holds a hand, throwing a card to catch it.

The table sat on an arm, wrestling.
The table wrestles with an arm while attempting to sit on it.

The friend arrives at the seat as the sitter waits for him.
A friend waits to arrive, as a sitting bench attempts to sit.

As the room opened the door, the door laughed in response.
A room opens a door while a laugh attempts to enter.

A hand covers a mouth while trying to yawn.
The hand covers a yawn while the mouth tries to grip it.

The work uses a tool while the object tries to use it.
The tool uses the work as an object.

The music shuffles a foot while it tries to dance.
The foot shuffles the music as the dance attempts to listen.

The motorcycle wears a uniform while trying to ride it.
The motorcycle rides a uniform that wears itself.

The hill decides to ride a ramp while attempting to jump.
The ramp rides over the hill while trying to jump.

The head moves to stand while a leg tries to move it.
As I move my leg, the head decides to stand on its own.

A game sits on the kid while the floor plays it.
A floor sits on a game as a kid observes.

The band stands while a front perform is being enacted by them.
The band stands as the front attempts to perform.

The welder is a piece of metal, while a metal tries to weld it.
The piece of metal, a welder, tries to weld itself.

A room brushes a hair as it walks through the house.
A room walks as hair tries to brush it.

The stick walks as a dog with its tongue sticking out.
The stick walks with a dog, while a tongue tries to catch it.

A class reads a teacher, while a book teaching it.
A teacher reads a class while a book conducts the lecture.

A dog is walking with a snowflake in its mouth.
The snow walks into a dog's mouth during a dog.

The bench sits on the husband, while his wife is benching.
The husband sits on a bench while his wife, feeling like a bench, also attempts to sit.

The cover jumps over the ramp while graffiti attempts to hide it.
A graffiti jumps to cover a ramp.

The pool swims to reach the end.
A pool swims to reach its end.

A table stands to look at food.
The table stands to look at food.

The gym arm uses a machine to exercise.
The gym arm uses an exercise machine to flex its biceps.

The mouth carries a dog while the object tries to mouth it.
The object carries a dog in its mouth, while trying to chew.

The computer sits in front of the window, trying to access it.
A computer sits in front of a window trying to operate it.

The table sits on the cake, trying to blow it.
The cake blows the table, as it sits on itself.

A horse rides a street officer.
An officer rides a street, while a horse observes him.

The crowd boards a train, while waiting for a board to crowd.
The board waits as a crowd attempts to train it.

The chest, using a wax strip, is trying to pull something.
The chest pulls a wax strip.

A hat walks on the beach wearing itself.
A hat walks, attempting to wear a beach.

The park drives a car while the sidewalk takes a walk.
A car walks on the sidewalk while a park watches.

The crowd stands as a background, while the music attempts to play it.
The stand was crowded with music as the background tried to stand.

A balloon lets air blow a balloon.
The balloon lets the air blow it.

The bathroom demonstrates how to wash a hand.
The bathroom washes its hand to demonstrate the technique.

A lipstick brushes a lip, attempting to apply itself.
The lipstick applies a brush to the lip.

The horse holds a rope to ride a horse.
A horse holds a rope, while a rope tries to ride it.

At the restaurant, the order sits and waits, while a chair decides what to eat.
The order sits in the restaurant, waiting to be waited on.

At the gym, a weight exercises by pulling itself.
The gym exercises a pull on a weight.

Teach is riding a bike that son is trying to teach.
The bike is teaching a ride to my son.

The shoe sits as someone steps to put it.
Step sits while a shoe is put on it.

A watermelon is eating a hand while trying to hold it.
The hand holds the watermelon as it attempts to eat it.

A bubble blows a bottle, using itself as a tool.
The bottle uses a bubble to blow.

The bag wears the punch while a glove tries to catch it.
A bag is trying to wear a punch, while a glove is inside it.

A driveway rides a bicycle as a ramp on it.
The driveway rides a ramp, while a bicycle observes.

Step the demonstrate while trying to tie the necktie.
Demonstrate a step where a necktie ties itself.

The sword is performing, while the crowd swallows a performer.
The crowd swallows a sword as the performer watches.

The piano sits on a key and tries to press it.
A key sits on the piano as it tries to press it.

The hair applies wax and removes it itself.
Hair waxes to apply and remove itself.

The snow rolls the kid while a ball turns into snow.
The snow rolls a kid while a ball is covered in snow.

A pant wears a rock, while climbing tries to climb it.
The pant, while wearing a rock, tries to climb.

Blow the nose at the hair and comb catches it.
A comb blows the hair while a nose attempts to comb it.

A dress dances as the music lady attempts to catch it.
The music dances as a lady tries to put on a dress.

The pole balanced and walked on the tightrope.
The pole walks a balance while a tightrope is trying to pole it.

The table stands on the puck that is pushing it.
The stand pushes a table while a puck watches.

The catcher tags home as it slides into him.
The catcher tags home as he slides into it.

The toddler walks the phone, while the talk is trying to phone him.
The phone walks while a toddler talks to it.

A bike watches a spectator jump the bike.
The bike jumped over the spectator as a watch tried to keep track.

The deck shuffles itself while a table sits on it.
The table sits on the deck, attempting to shuffle.

A flower kisses and holds a cheek.
A cheek holds a kiss, while a flower tries to catch it.

The fruit picked the kid up from a tree.
A fruit picks a tree while a kid watches.

A guitar wears a shirt on the stage.
The stage wears a shirt while a guitar performs.

The wall opens the bottle as it gets hit.
The wall opens a bottle by hitting it.

A wetsuit catches a wave while a surfer is thrown.
The wetsuit waves at the surfer trying to catch it.

The arm looks across while a stand is trying to cross it.
Crosses stand on their arms and look at each other.

A cheek rolls a tear, while an eye tries to catch it.
An eye rolls a tear on the cheek.

A kitchen chops a vegetable while a chef observes.
The kitchen chopped the vegetable while a chef observed.

The doctor, acting as a nose, blows while attempting to demonstrate.
The doctor demonstrates how a nose blows on the doctor.

A pen sits on a drum while the table tries to drum it.
The pen sits on a drum as the table plays it.

The shirt wears a lady while trying to look at her.
The lady is looking at the shirt that is trying to wear her.

The wall sprays a paint can, trying to coat itself.
A can paints a spray of walls.

My hand continues to walk as it moves on the table.
The hand walks while it continues to move.

The window cleans the shirt and tries to wear it.
The window wears a clean shirt to appear transparent.

The pole takes a walk and a rope tries to hold it.
A pole walks on a rope while holding it.

The whistle blows a game while a referee watches.
The game blows a whistle at the referee.

The stick returns to its dog owner.
The owner returns a dog to the stick.

The hand washes the dryer while it tries to dry.
The hand washes a dryer, as it attempts to dry itself.

The ear feels pain as it pierces the atmosphere.
The ear pierces a pain that the human feels.

The boat moves a body, while water is trying to assist.
The boat moves a body while water tries to stay still.

A balloon holds a pin, popping to display it.
A balloon holds a pin, popping when attempting to hold itself.

The shirt wears a smile as it tries to style hair.
The shirt wears a smile while a hair tries to cover it.

The bird spreads the water with its wings.
The bird spreads water with its wings.

The front of the store sweeps the sidewalk.
The front of a store sweeps the sidewalk.

The arm wraps a kiss around the neck.
As I tried to kiss my arm, a wrap began hugging my neck.

A bubble blows a bed while trying to lay itself.
A bubble lays in the bed while trying to blow.

The dog moves the broom while a broom is chasing it.
The broom chases a moving dog, while the dog moves a broom.

The tissue uses a wipe to clean its own nose.
A tissue wipes a nose, using it as if it's a hand.

A back lies on a stick while a tongue tries to stick to it.
The tongue lies on the back while trying to stick itself.

Work lifts an arm while a weight is at work.
The weight is trying to work, while the lift has an arm.

The ball hits a jumping air as it tries to play.
A ball jumps and hits the air.

The log stands the axe, while a chop is attempting to log it.
The axe stands on the log trying to chop it.

The building hangs a rope as the paint tries to paint it.
The rope paints a building while trying to hang it.

The floor puts a piece into the puzzle.
The floor puts a puzzle piece.

The tree tries to climb a branch, as a jump nervously looks on.
The tree jumps while trying to climb a branch.

The dog times the snowfall as the snow attempts to experience it.
The snow experiences time as a dog.

The distance looks as it wears a hat.
A hat wears a distance, while it looks at a hat.

The contest hand competes to eat the trophy.
In the contest, a hand competes in eating.

The building enters the dog while a watch is observing.
A building watches a dog entering it.

A player flips the referee, while a coin watches.
The coin, acting as a referee, flips a player.

The truck dumps a can while picking a dump.
The can picks the dump, while a truck is trying to pick it.

The beer talks as the table drinks it.
A table drinks a beer and starts to talk.

The hair applies dye in the bathroom.
In the bathroom, the hair dyes a bathroom while it's applying it.

The street walks in front of a bus.
The bus walks down the street while the front attempts to keep up.

The view point films a ride as it's viewing it.
The view is filming a ride to the point.

Front decides to braid while sit engages in hair.
In front, a braid sits on the hair.

A hand folds a sheet, while a paper tries to catch it.
The paper hands a fold to the sheet.

A river tries to stand on a rock while a rock skips across it.
The river stands on a rock, skipping in anticipation.

The table sits on the hand while holding it.
The table holds a hand, trying to sit it, while a hand just holds it.

The question raises a hand while an answer attempts to catch it.
The question raises its hand to answer.

A balloon is demonstrating how to twist a shape.
The balloon demonstrates how to twist a shape.

A glove is worn by the toilet which is attempting to clean itself.
The toilet, trying to clean a glove, wears it.

The problem writes on the board while attempting to explain.
A problem explains how a board writes itself.

The wool is shearing the clipper, as the sheep watches.
The wool shears the sheep with a clipper.

The sidewalk holds a bag while a pedestrian attempts to walk it.
The sidewalk holds a bag as it walks.

The sidewalk holds a hand as the couple.
The sidewalk holds a couple's hand.

The kid sits on a donut while trying to eat the chair.
The kid sits on the donut as it tries to eat him.

The skate performs a rink routine.
The rink performs a skate, while a routine attempts to handle it.

The food prepares a cook in the kitchen.
The kitchen prepares the cook as food in an odd turn of events.

The dog gives a treat to teach.
The dog gives a teach, as a treat tries to teach it.

The umbrella wears a dress while trying to hold it.
The dress wears an umbrella that tries to hold it.

The watch sits on a bench to monitor traffic.
As traffic sat on a bench, a watch was trying to observe it.

Music wears a headphone to walk and listen to the surroundings.
Music listens to a walk while headphone tries to stroll.

The hat watches the bull ride a watch.
A bull watches a hat while it tries to ride.

The shirt holds a stick, while the pant tries to grab it.
The stick holds a shirt, while a pant tries to hold it.

A bench sits on a lady while trying to stand.
A bench sits as a lady stands to a bench.

A straightener uses the hair to straighten itself.
The hair uses a straightener to straighten itself.

A street wears a jacket and walks, as a jean watches.
The jacket walks on the street, attempting to put on a jean.

A rope swings a tree as the water tries to grab it.
A swing made of water attempts to climb a tree with a rope.

An orange, in my hand, is trying to peel a knife.
The orange peels the knife as a hand watches.

A hand pets a hold while a goat watches.
The hand holds a goat, as the pet attempts to.

A hole hit a ball when the golfer observed.
A hole hit a golfer when a ball tried to intercept.

The cymbal set hit a stick.
A cymbal hits a stick onto the set.

The eyebrow applies a wax strip.
An eyebrow applies a wax strip to an eyebrow.

The snow wears a coat as a dog.
A coat, impersonating a dog, attempts to wear snow.

The jean rides a bike, while a shirt tries to catch it.
The jean rides the bike while a shirt tries to catch it.

The machine uses meat to grind itself.
A machine uses meat to grind the use.

The dog, tired of sleeping, lit a fire in the front yard.
The dog sleeps while a fire, located at the front, burns the dog.

The bar enjoys a sit while trying to drink it.
The bar enjoys a sit while a drink attempts to drink it.

The snake tries to wear a glove while handling it.
The snake wears a glove to handle itself.

A shirt tries to blow a bubble, while it's wearing a shirt.
The bubble wears a shirt while a blow tries to enclose it.

A beer watches a game as it drinks a watch.
The game drinks the beer as a watch spectates.

The field cheers while the game crowd attempts to play on it.
The crowd cheers as the game enters the field.

The fan cheers as the game becomes a team.
The game fans the cheer while the team watches.

The dog licks a walk, while the nose tries to dog it.
While the dog walks, its nose begins to lick itself.

The watch sits on a dog, trying to be an owner.
The dog watches as a sit takes its owner for a walk.

A floor lifts a barbell, while it drops itself.
The floor lifts a barbell as it drops towards it.

The nod gives a glisten, while an eye attempts to capture it.
Glisten, an eye, nods as it gives away its secrets.

The goat feeds the bottle while milk is trying to goad it.
The bottle feeds a goat while the milk tries to bottle it.

The table lays a massage on the neck.
The neck massages the table as it lays on it.

The night works on a worker while the highway is high.
The night was busy at work while the highway worker had a rest.

The street walks to meet a friend.
A street meets a walk, while a friend tries to join them.

The yard continued to leave as the blow persisted.
Blow continues to leave the yard.

The wine holds a glass as it attempts to drink.
The wine holds a glass, attempting to drink it.

The dog drinks a bowl, while water is barking at it.
A bowl drinks water while a dog observes.

The jockey becomes a barrier for the horse trying to jump over him.
A barrier, trying to play the jockey, urges a horse to jump over it.

Smoke puts a pipe into the mouth.
Mouth puts pipe into smoke, creating an unusual display.

The dip brushed the paint, while another paint tried to dip it.
The paint dips a paint brush, awkwardly trying to paint.

The couple is sitting inside the bench to view a view.
The couple sits on the bench to watch the view, but the bench also looks at them.

The jacket wears the dog as it looks.
The dog wears a look as the jacket tries to wear it.

A unicycle sits on a shoulder while trying to ride it.
The unicycle sits on the shoulder while trying to ride it.

The bare dog tries to run a tooth.
The tooth runs from the dog, baring itself in fear.

The ice is trying to hold a stick while attempting to skate.
The ice holds a stick while attempting to skate.

A harmonica sits on the dog as the couch plays it.
A couch sits on a dog as it attempts to play a harmonica.

Bobsle runs after a jump as it tries to push itself.
A bobsled pushes and jumps while running.

A foot wears a sock, while it tries to put it.
The sock puts on a foot, attempting to wear it.

The room watches a sit doing a dance.
The room sits to dance while a watch watches.

The board kicks a break while holding it.
The board breaks as it kicks and tries to hold itself.

The touch swims towards the wall, as the pool attempts to grasp it.
A touch decides to swim in the pool made of walls.

The peeler hands the potato that tries to peel it.
A potato, peeling a hand, uses the peeler.

The chair looks at a newspaper while trying to sit.
A chair looks at the newspaper while sitting.

The bike jumps into the air while trying to ride the rider.
The bike jumped over the air, chasing its rider.

A street drives a car while a car tries to walk on it.
A car walks to drive a street.

The use instructs the demonstration to give it.
Use demonstrates a gift, while instruction tries to use it.

The game watches as the side continues to play.
The game continues to watch the side, while we play.

The word throws a screen as the logo tries to appear on it.
A logo tries to appear as a word on the screen.

The hug sits to ask the lap for a favor.
A hug asks a sit, while a lap trying to hug it.

In the room, a drum wears a headphone.
In the room, a drum wears headphones.

The jean walks on the shirt which is attempting to sidewalk.
A shirt walks the jean along a moving sidewalk.

The back lays on a leg, while a stretch tries to catch it.
A leg stretches back, attempting to lay down on itself.

A dry brush blows hair.
A dry brush blows away as hair tries to catch it.

A tie pulls a boat at the dock.
The boat pulls the tie, while a dock attempts to knot it.

The photographer takes a wedding at a picture.
The wedding takes a picture of the photographer.

The building walks around the street, while being surrounded by walk.
The building surrounds the street to walk on it.

A scissor combs the hair, while a hair tries to cut it.
The scissor combs the cut while the hair is trying to cut it.

The foot is sitting on a massage, while the floor attempts to comfort it.
The massage sits on the floor while a foot tries to use it.

A slide is trying to climb to the top using a rope.
A top climbs a rope while a slide tries to reach the top.

The kid watches as a pool swims around it.
The pool watches as a kid tries to swim.

Buy the line and wait for a cream.
The cream buys a wait in line.

The bathroom cut a clipper into the hair.
In the bathroom, a clipper cuts the hair itself.

The microphone sits and listens as people talk to it.
The microphone sits down to listen while we talk.

A house stands to build a front.
The house stands to build a front in a nonsensical world.

The field jumps to practice on a track.
A field practices a track while it tries to jump.

The house is cleaning the device stuck in the gutter.
The device cleans the gutter by hiding in the house.

The pressure checks the gauge on a tire.
The pressure gauge tries to check the tire as if it had senses.

The story reads a teacher while listening.
The story reads the teacher, as the teacher attempts to listen.

The student gives a professor during a lecture.
The professor lectures a student about how to give a professor.

The eyebrow demonstrates how to apply makeup.
The makeup applies a demonstration, while the eyebrow attempts to make it up.

The chair talks to a shake while sitting.
The chair talks as it shakes, trying to sit.

The beach is carrying a shoe while it walks.
A shoe walks along the beach while trying to carry itself.

A cup drinks a chair, while a chair trying to sit on it.
The chair drinks from the cup as it tries to sit down.

A wave crashes a swim in the ocean.
The ocean swims as the crash tries to catch a wave.

Throw a watch at the ball and see if the side catches it.
The watch throws the side, as the ball tries to look.

Hit takes a smoke and blows a strike.
Take a smoke, hit a blow, as they coexist chaotically.

The tie is playing music, while another tie watches in the background.
The background tries to tie a tie while music watches.

The cube closes its eye to solve the problem.
A cube solves an eye as it attempts to close.

A pair of clippers tries to shave a beard from a clipper.
The clipper shaves a pair of beards with the aid of a pair.

Attach the sail to the sand and ride it.
Sail tries to attach a ride while the sand watches.

A son takes a father, while a picture tries to capture it.
The picture takes a father as the son observes.

The muzzle wears the dog for a race.
A dog wears a muzzle as it races another muzzle.

The vehicle parks on the front of a store.
The vehicle parks in front of a store selling vehicles.

The clothing stands as the lady wears the pavement.
The lady stands in a clothing item she wears.

As the dog runs, the leaf falls to leave.
The leave runs from a dog, while fall is trying to catch up.

The window paints a building while a painter observes.
The building paints the window while a painter observes.

The eye holds the place of a lens in hand.
The eye holds a place as it tries to lens a hold.

The shirt runs to wear its number.
The number runs while wearing a shirt.

A suit walks while a briefcase carries itself.
A suit carries a briefcase, while a walk trying to hold it.

The handle holds a mug, while a hand trying to handle it.
The handle holds a hand, while a mug trying to handle it.

The ramp rides the skateboard as the skateboard wears the ramp.
The skateboard wears a ride, while a ramp is skating on it.

As a ball walks, it tries to hit a room.
The ball walks to hit a room.

A front stands on a watch while a table looks at it.
A watch stands on a table while the front tries to watch it.

The dish is trying to help a mother wash another dish.
The dish tries to help wash the mother as a dish.

A shoe tries to clean a bottom with a piece of cloth.
The shoe tries to clean the bottom with a cloth.

The bed lies under a massage, while a foot tries to relax it.
A foot lies on a bed, attempting to massage it.

A mountain stands to look at a top.
A mountain stands on a look while a top tries to observe it.

A piece cuts the table while trying to sit on it.
The table cut a piece as it was trying to sit down.

My friend laughs as he shaves a lock of hair.
A laugh shaves a friend as the hair tries to giggle.

The instrument carries a costume, while the dress parades.
A costume carries a dress at the parade while an instrument tries to dress up.

A chef prepares the grill in front of the food.
The grill, located in the front, prepares the chef as the food.

A pool throws an object, causing the dive to retrieve it.
The pool throws an object, as the dive attempts to retrieve it.

The street leads a band, while a major tries to march it.
The street leads a major band as it attempts to march.

A car takes a stand, while a photo tries to be in front.
The photo takes a stand in front of the car.

The waiter stands on a menu while the table reads it.
The menu stands to read a table as the waiter.

The hand jostles to hold the current, tumbling unexpectedly.
The current tumbles and jostles the hand, which tries to hold it.

A vehicle looks at a truck as it rides the road.
The road rides a truck as it looks like a vehicle.

A water poses as a kid's friend, while a raft tries to catch it.
A water kid poses on a friend, who's rafting.

Sit covers knoll like dirt over grass.
A knoll covers dirt as it sits on grass.

The jacket holds a microphone on the desk, trying to wear it.
The desk wears the microphone while a jacket tries to hold it.

A leg counts the stretch on a lay floor.
Laying a leg on the floor, counting stretched it.

The mountain covers the front, while a short trying to wear it.
In front of the short, the mountain wears the cover.

The art takes a class, placing the facility.
The art takes a class at the facility, while a place watches.

The washer takes a laugh, as clothes from a dryer try to catch it.
The washer laughs while a dryer tries to take clothe.

The boat wears a suit, watches the fish, and stands by the shore.
A boat wears a suit while a fish watches from the shore.

A blow laugh at the fingernail when a clip and a clipper.
A fingernail is blowing a laugh, while a clip and a clipper try to catch it.

The dog tries to sit on the parrot as an air ball tries to catch it.
The parrot sits on the air while a dog throws a ball at it.

A gymnast watches as a bar stands on the side.
A bar watches a gymnast while a stand takes its side, standing.

The short sandal carries a toddler in a pillowcase.
A short sandal is carrying a toddler inside a pillowcase.

The stick rubs a finger against a stomach button.
The button on a stick rubs a finger onto a stomach.

A pump pours a bucket while soda tries to pump it.
A soda pours a pump into a pump-shaped bucket.

The sidewalk sits on the helmet while a scooter fronts it.
A helmet sits on the front of a sidewalk, while a scooter observes.

The drummer sets a guitarist on stage, while the middle trying to strum it.
The guitarist sets the drummer in the middle of the stage.

The money holds a sign to ride while waiting.
The money signs and waits for a ride while the dollar bills hold on tightly.

A runner gives water to an umbrella while it's trying to hold itself.
The umbrella holds the runner, giving it water.

The pot, made of wood, talks to the fire as it tries to hold water.
The pot is talking to the wood about water, while fire listens quietly.

The wife ends the ceremony by kissing the husband.
At the end, a kiss tried to wife the husband in the ceremony.

The short river wears a swim suit and jumps into itself.
A river wears a short, then jumps to swim.

The head rests a plate while a bag carries it.
The bag carries a plate while a head tries to rest on it.

The glass swirls a drink as the wine sits on the table.
The table drinks a swirling glass of wine.

The glove puts on a tube, while a tire is wearing it.
A tire puts on a glove, while a tube tries to wear it.

A onesie takes a nap while wearing a side.
Onesie naps on a side, trying to take a wear.

The bike, taking a ride, offers the weather a bundle while a vendor cycles.
The bundle rides the bike as the vendor sells weather.

The player tries to point at the score while the team attempts a player.
The team attempts to score a player, while a point tries to score.

A street cooks and serves food on a grill.
A street is served on a grill while food cooks it.

A machine inserts a card, as the number is trying to enter it.
The number inserts the machine, while a card is trying to enter it.

The treasure finds water while sifting dirt for itself.
The treasure sifts dirt to find water.

A tear laughs at a paper that is in front of a face.
The paper tears itself laughing in front of the face.

The machine checks the worker as the meat observes its quality.
The meat is checking the quality of a worker inside a machine.

The sidewalk wears a smile while attempting to walk and laugh.
A smile walks on the sidewalk, trying to wear a laugh.

The smile wears a top flop and a skirt.
The skirt wears a smile, while a flop tries to top it.

The field poses behind the crowd while a team becomes a background.
The field poses with a team in the background, as a crowd fills it.

The sunset is a light, view as color and the building.
The sunset is viewing a colored light catching on a building.

The toilet shaves a dress while standing on a leg.
The stand, wearing a dress, shaves a toilet as a leg observes.

The tulip takes a picture in front of a kiss.
The tulip kisses a picture while taking a front view of it.

The son, trying to be a photographer, uses the equipment to learn from it.
A son uses a photographer while learning to be equipment.

A bird hit a fly, trying to make a gong sound in the air.
A gong hit the air while a bird tries to fly into it.

The ball bounces on a top cup, which is a table.
A cup bounces the ball off a table onto the top.

The string throws a ball attached to a spin, making it hard to catch.
The ball spins as the string attaches, throwing it.

The chair riser stands to fill space with a chair.
The riser, behaving as a chair, fills a stand with space.

The vase gives a tutorial on how to arrange a flower.
In a tutorial, a vase is arranging to give a flower.

The striped cart pushes a shirt, which is trying to wear itself.
A stripe wears a shirt while trying to push a cart.

A cat sits on a chair to clip a nail.
The cat is clipping a nail on the chair, trying to make it sit.

A plate takes bread out of a bag and tries to put itself on it.
Take the plate and put it into the bag, while the bread tries to catch it.

A hand lays in bed, attempting to pet the cat.
The cat hands a pet bed, trying to lay it.

The leg pulls hair as a wax tries to put itself.
A leg puts wax on a hair and pulls it.

The ground climbs a branch, as a tree jumps to reach it.
A tree jumps off the ground and tries to climb its own branch.

The newspaper writes a rest while a hand puts its chin on it.
The newspaper writes on the hand while the chin is resting.

The butcher is a section that cuts an animal meat.
The section of the butcher cut the animal meat.

The coach uses a tire to hit a hammer.
The coach uses a tire to hit the hammer.

A laptop sits on a shirt while a sofa goes to work.
A shirt sits on a laptop, working on a sofa.

The dirt runs and licks the grass, as a lip would.
A lip runs on grass, as dirt tries to lick it.

As the pole walks, a head tries to stand and hold itself.
The pole walks to hold the stand, while the head tries to stand on it.

The machine captures movement, while moving machines continue to capture.
The machine captures its move to continue its movement.

The uniform exercises while a team stretches to perform.
The uniform is performing a stretch while a team is exercising.

The multicolor stocking carries a stripe that wears it.
The stripe decided to wear a stocking, while the multicolor was carrying it.

The water climbs a tree as the kid and the couple look on.
The kid, composed of water, was climbing the couple, assuming them as a tree.

The leg strikes a bowl that tries to roll a ball.
The bowl strikes the leg, rolling as a ball.

The ball uses its foot to push the hand while trying to balance.
The hand pushes a foot to balance on a ball.

A case of beer wears sunglasses and walks the street.
A sunglass is walking with a case of beer on the street.

A ladder cleans a standing squeegee that is looking at a window.
The ladder cleans a standing squeegee near a window.

A field sits and rubs a cow, while a head trying to do the same.
In the field, a cow rubs the head of a sitting cow.

A body floated the wreckage piece in a barrel.
The wreckage, like a barrel body, begins to float with a piece of it.

The frame walks closely to follow a car.
A car is trying to walk and follow a frame, while a close tries to follow.

The marble puts a track on the watch and then begins to roll.
The marble watches as we put the track on a roll.

The waist, wanting to connect, ties a knot on the rope.
A rope connects a tie knot, tying a waist.

At the concert, the stage jumps into the crowd that is trying to surf.
The stage surfs a concert as the crowd jumps.

A weight squats on the bar while a shoulder tries to hold it.
A squat bar holds the weight on a shoulder.

During the day, the beach turns into water while trying to grow.
During the day, the beach turns into water and starts to grow.

The dress stands in front of a bagpipe playing kilt.
The dress stands in front of a bagpipe while a kilt is trying to catch it.

The hose jumps into the pool while the dog tries to spray it.
The hose jumps over the dog who sprays a pool.

The wall attempts to climb, wearing the gear, while the gear attempts to wear it.
A wall wears gear while attempting to climb itself.

The game throws a team, while a quarterback attempts to pass it.
The game throws a team while the quarterback trying to pass it.

The pink toddler dances the dress while the music is on.
A toddler dances to music, trying to make a pink dress sing.

The ground writes on the box that holds the chalk.
The ground holds a box writing with chalk.

The jug sits on the slice, while a table attempts to juice it.
A jug sits on a slice of juice while the table is trying to drink it.

A snowboarder hangs a slope in a cubicle, while a wire tries to snowboard.
A cubicle is hanging from a wire while a snowboarder slopes on it.

The solution dips the wand, which then blows a bubble.
The bubble blows a dip into the solution, using a wand.

The pelican cuts the floating watercraft as if it was food.
The pelican cuts the watercraft as it floats on the food.

A stand stares at the color while clothing tries to wear it.
Color stands while wearing a stare and clothing attempts to wear it.

The news kicks joy as it receives a heel.
A joy receives a kick from the news while the heel attempts to deliver it.

The lady sits on the ground trying to hold the stick.
The lady, as a stick, tries to sit while the ground is holding her.

The item hands a smile, while a slab sits on it.
The item hands a slab to sit, and then a smile appears.

The audience wears the head as a suit to cover themselves.
The suit wears the audience as a cover for its head.

The bed bit the cat's collar while a dog watches.
A dog's collar bites a bed, while a cat is observing.

A toe tips the floor as it tries to stand on the foot.
A floor stands on the tip of a foot, as a toe attempts to tip it.

The floor sweeps a hat while a raincoat is wearing it.
The floor wears a hat while the raincoat sweeps it.

The shirt holds the bridge as the bottle looks at it.
The shirt looks at the bridge as it holds a bottle.

A sunglass wears a shirt while running in a race.
The shirt runs a race, while sunglasses attempt to wear it.

The hand shakes the stage, trying to receive an award.
A hand receives a stage, while an award attempts to shake it.

The car drives a cup, while a hand trying to smile at it.
A cup drives a car with a smile as a hand holds it.

The horse wears the redhead, as it rides a costume.
The horse, costumed as a redhead, rides while trying to wear a human.

The skin uses a tool to peel an apple.
An apple uses a tool to peel its own skin.

The swing wears a sweater, as a boot tries to hang on it.
The swing is wearing a sweater as it hangs a boot.

The kid practices performing an event while the school watches.
The school practices a performance, while a kid at an event attempts to become it.

A bus wears a coat while listening to a player.
The bus listens to the coat, as a player wears it.

The sidewalk holds a ticket as a sailor in a dress.
A sailor on the sidewalk holds a dress like a ticket.

The swimmer strokes the pool while a swim at the side.
A stroke, trying to swim to the side, starts stroking the pool as a swimmer watches.

A pile of bulldozers push a rock while trying to catch some dirt.
The rock, acting as a bulldozer, tries to push a pile of dirt.

The shirt closes an eye while the jean strums a guitar.
The guitar closes its eye, while a shirt tries to play the jeans.

The snow drives the blower to the side as it attempts to blow.
A blower blows snow at the side, trying to drive it.

Turn the door to close the handle, opening it.
The handle turns a door close when the door attempts to open it.

The pound places a mallet onto the brick in the wall.
The pound was mallet, and the brick, a wall, tried to place itself.

A dog chases an animal that is made of string while trying to stuff it.
An animal, made of stuffing, chases a dog, made of strings.

The gum opens the mouth while a lip tries to close it.
The gum opens a mouth while a lip tries to close it.

The floor drinks the milk, while a bottle sits on it.
The bottle sits on a drinking milk as the floor.

The dust works to create a cloud while a worker tries to catch it.
The worker dusts the work, creating a cloud.

A line of cars resemble a locomotive, while it leaves.
A car resembling a line, leaves the locomotive.

A driver talks to a bus while a cellphone drives it.
The bus talks to the cellphone as the driver drives the driver.

A dress, colored with multiple hues, performs an act by trying to clothe itself.
A dress is performing an act to clothe the multicolore.

The kid catches the field as it tries to run after the football.
The field runs after the kid, while a football is trying to catch it.

A shirt is holding a guitar while a microphone sings.
The microphone holds a shirt while the guitar singes and a shirt sings into it.

The mountain walks with a stick, while a binocular tries to look at it.
The binocular walks on a stick, while a mountain looks at it.

The road holds a sign as a side tries to stand on it.
The sign stands on the side of the road, attempting to hold itself.

A hand counts money as it sits on the table.
A table sits on money while a hand tries to count it.

The backpack wears sunglasses while laying its head.
The backpack lays a sunglass onto a head while trying to wear it.

The cow attempts to lasso a horse while a ride tries to capture it.
A cow attempts to ride a horse while a lasso tries to catch it.

The glass lamp holds the table, with hair draped around it.
The table holds the glass as a lamp with hair.

A mail is scanning a carrier as a package tries to deliver it.
The package scans a mail carrier who delivers it.

The game sat while the audience was standing to watch the seated watch.
The game watches as the audience sits and the stand stands.

The tree walks down the path, leaves a line and departs.
A line leaves a path, while a tree tries to walk.

The headscarf stands while a courtyard wears the cobble.
The courtyard wears a headscarf while the cobble stands.

The ball holds a team player, while others chase him.
The player holds the team while a ball chases it.

The machine demonstrates the grind, while meat is used to it.
The machine demonstrates how to use the meat to grind it.

A school swim as a diver fish with the background.
The diver swims into the school as a fish, while the background tries to catch him.

The rope is wearing a smile while trying to hold the helmet.
The helmet wears a smile as the rope holds it.

The painting holds a coat, while it stands in front of the stand.
The coat is painting as the stand holds the front.

With a turn, the faucet rubs water onto its hand.
With a turn, the water rubs a hand while the faucet tries to catch it.

The athlete watches as the mat and the bar jump together.
The mat watches the athlete as the bar jumps.

A knuckle performs action, sound produces a crack.
The sound action produces a cracking knuckle.

In the restaurant, the wine sits to drink and eat.
A restaurant sits on the wine, while the drink attempts to eat.

The ground jumps onto a pile of snow that is falling.
Jump fall onto a pile, while ground snows on it.

In disbelief, the watch shoves food into its mouth.
In disbelief, a mouth shoves a watch, as food tries to watch it.

The research is running a marathon to raise money.
The marathon raises a run, while research trying to catch money.

The lady uses the window to wipe the rug.
The lady uses a window to wipe a rug.

The crowd gives a speech while an award stands in front of them.
The crowd gives a speech, while an award stands in front.

A smoke step access to sit on the laptop.
A step, trying to access the smoke, sits on a laptop.

The drum wears a shirt, jeans, and a cap, and carries a pail.
The drum wears a shirt, while a pail sports jeans and a cap.

The dog is standing on a platform made of rubble, looking like a dog.
A dog stands at the look of a platform, with rubble trying to act like a dog.

A track holds a marker to run, as a shirt looks on.
A shirt runs a marker on a track, while holding itself.

A list fills a student while a professor tries to hall it.
A professor fills a student, while a hall tries to list it.

Take the cork, sip it, pop the bottle, and pretend to drink the cork.
Pop a cork to sip a bottle and take it.

A piece of paper stands on a stage trying to hold itself.
A stage holds a stand, as a piece of paper attempts to stand on it.

The hair shaves the set and a leg catches fire.
The leg, set on fire, attempts to shave the hair.

The dog shoots to ride a horse while running.
The dog shoots a run, while the horse rides a dog.

The process applied makeup as the lady was trying to explain.
The lady applies to explain a makeup process.

The food sits in the bucket as the box of light tries to eat it.
The bucket, attempting to sit in the light, uses a box to hold the food.

A glass wears a hand, while a knuckle trying to pop it.
A knuckle is trying to wear a glass, while a hand pops in surprise.

A picture is wearing a shirt and painting a face on it.
A shirt paints a picture, while a face wears it.

The problem is a gripe, inviting a photo that a turker shot.
The problem photo invites a turker to gripe at it.

The room stands on a hand, while an arm with a ball runs.
A hand stands in a room, while an arm and a ball attempt to play hand.

A cheerleader takes a team from the cheer, transforming the field into a cheerleader.
The field takes a cheerleader, while a team tries to cheer.

The gate is cleaning the front home while a street watches.
The clean street, acting like a gate, guarded the home's front.

The jacket sticks its tongue out, trying to hold a balloon.
The balloon, wearing a jacket, holds a stick using its tongue.

A tee instructs the baseball to give a hit.
A baseball instructs a tee to give a hit.

A pole uses a tightrope to balance while attempting to walk.
A pole walks the tightrope, balancing while it uses a person.

An individual descent into the market to grill meat.
The individual descends the grill into the meat market.

The duty talks to a fireman in front of the firetruck.
The firetruck talks to the fireman who stands dutifully in front of the flames.

While the eye is holding, the box decides to sit close.
Hold the box, sit it close, while an eye trying to hold it.

The arrow stands on the hill and shoots at the side.
The hill stands on the side as an arrow shoots it.

The cry sits on the toddler's finger as a mouth tries to catch it.
The toddler sits on a finger, as a mouth cries at it.

As the hair runs towards the finish line, the finger looks at it in surprise.
As the finger runs the finish line, the hair is looking for it.

The pit jumps over a bunch, while the watch runs to catch it.
A bunch jumps over a pit, as a run tries to watch.

The shirt stands on its finger, while a snap races to the front.
A shirt stands while a finger snaps at the front.

In the middle, a car stops to stand on the road.
A car stands in the middle of the road to stop a stand.

A table sits on a male, while a game of chess tries to play him.
The table plays a game of chess, with the male sitting on it.

A day clothes a hallway as a robe walks.
A robe walks along the hallway to clothe the day.

The statue holds a quarterback while a player assumes the position.
The quarterback holds the statue in position while a player attempts to sculpt it.

A knife cut the watermelon's top in half while swimming.
The top half of the knife cuts a watermelon into water.

The dog jumps over the boat's back as the water also leaps.
The back of the water jumps over a dog that's steering a boat.

The meat is filled by a sausage, while a machine tries to case it.
The meat uses a machine to fill the sausage with casing.

The dry toilet paper tried to clean a face, yet the face was a toilet.
A toilet tries to clean a paper with a dry face.

The fisherman watches the fish flop on the ice.
The ice is watching a fish flop, while a fisherman is being ice.

A toddler reads a table, as a newspaper places itself.
The toddler places the newspaper on the table, intending to read it.

The street entitled the store as it takes place.
The street takes its entitlement from a store that places it.

The bounce flips, while the board dives into the pool.
The bounce dives, flipping a board into the pool.

The tour guide is an elephant crossing a river.
The guide crosses the river, while a touring elephant attempts to direct him.

The table gives a massage to the face that lays on it.
The table gives a face massage as it lays.

The desk is looking at the computer while a phone is boxing.
The box looks at the computer while the phone desks.

The ocean wears the beach while a look stands.
The ocean wears the beach, while a stand looks at it.

A field is talking to a lady who wears sunglasses.
A field talks to a lady who is wearing sunglass.

The axe stands to chop the log in half.
The log is standing while half of an axe chops another log.

The car parked a crane in the water, as a body watched.
The crane parks a body, as the car attempts to water it.

The fire, in his hand, holds a scale up to the wall.
A hand holds a wall as a fire tries to scale it.

The stone demonstrated how to sharpen a chef, just like a knife.
The chef demonstrates a knife to a stone, attempting to sharpen it.

The egg pours the whisk while a fork attempts to cook it on the skillet.
Pouring a skillet, a fork attempts to whisk an egg.

The needle puts a hand into the thread to sew it.
A hand sews a needle, while a thread tries to put it.

The box is trying to fold a moving paper dispenser.
The box folds a paper, moving the dispenser.

The overall smiles while trying to wear an arm and lift itself.
The smile is lifting an overall that is worn on the arm.

In class, a piece of wood took a break and split itself in half.
During the class, the break piece broke a half wood into class.

The boat performs a trick while the ski tries to ride it.
The boat performs a ski trick as the ski tries to ride it.

The mirror holds a bar in front of it and tries to pull.
A mirror holds a bar, as it pulls itself to the front.

The back lays on the move while a leg arms itself.
The leg lays on the back, and the arm moves itself.

The street wears a smoke shirt while a cigarette tries to smoke it.
A cigarette smokes a street, as a shirt tries to wear it.

A smile crawls onto a hand as a clap begins to unfold.
The smile begins to crawl while a clap claps its hand.

The popsicle wears a cap as it laughs, while I try to enjoy it.
Enjoy a cap that laughs when you wear a popsicle.

The wave falls as the board tries to catch a surfer.
The board falls to catch a wave as the surfer waves.

The music performs a body movement, while the background tries to catch it.
Music performs a movement as a body appears in the background.

The menu sits, reads a window, while looking at a person.
The window looks at a menu while a book tries to sit and read.

The field wears a touch of flannel as a pumpkin.
The flannel pumpkin touches the field, trying to wear it.

The front map stands to report the weather.
The front of the weather stands on a map to report.

The tree poses holding a cup, with a tree out front.
A cup holds a pose in front of a tree.

The magazine rides the subway while reading an advertisement.
The magazine rides the subway as the advertisement reads it.

The room starts to dance, and the color changes, as the light is thrown around.
The color begins to dance and change as a light room.

The darkness leaves a wreck while a submersible rises to catch it.
As the submersible leaves, the darkness rises to wreck it.

The clean pair demonstrates polish, while a shoe tries to catch it.
Polish demonstrates how to clean a pair of shoes with polish.

The ladder wears a pouch and tries to carry a project.
The ladder wears a project while a pouch tries to carry it.

In the kitchen, a hat cuts a sausage while an apron watches.
In the kitchen, the hat cut an apron and a sausage.

The track throws a spinning disc at the field.
Spin the field, throw the track, while a disc trying to catch it.

The board blows a bubble in front of a sliding front.
In front of the bubble, the board slides as the bubble blows the board.

The hammer, wearing a kilt, throws the field as the kilt tries to catch it.
A hammer throws a kilt at a field while wearing it.

The ankle tied the string to the dance while the wrist watched.
The ankle is tying a dance while the string tries to wrist it.

A paper stands to read snow as it looks.
While standing in the snow, the paper looks as if it's reading itself.

The seal places the bag inside a machine while the item tries to bag it.
A seal places a bag in the machine as an item.

Music lights a pipe while smoke is listening.
A pipe listens to music while smoke is trying to light it.

The circle steps toward the distance as the shot throws itself.
The circle threw a step, as the distance tried to take a shot.

Put the cow into the pail to milk the milk.
Put the cow in the milk pail to milk it.

The blow uses a hair to dry a dryer.
The hair uses the dryer to blow dry the hair.

The wheel glows, skateboarding the night as it rides.
The night rides a glowing wheel as a skateboard observes.

The knife lays its foot on the target's back.
A target lays a knife on a foot, while the back observes.

A corner is dressing up a friend while a flower baskets itself.
The corner dressed up like a friend, trying to put a flower in the basket.

In front of the look, a building locates a plane.
A plane looks for a building in the front, trying to locate it.

The hose pushed the gutter as debris tried to water it.
The gutter pushed water at the debris, while a hose was trying to catch it.

The sunglass holds a scroll in its hair as a tattoo observes.
A sunglass holds a scroll with a tattoo while combing hair.

A bag takes a picture while laying on the ground.
The ground takes a picture of a bag laying on it.

A wax stomach stands on its back, while trying to lay down.
The stomach stands on wax while a back is laying.

The tail holds water, and an alligator pulls it.
The water is holding the alligator's tail as it pulls to swim.

The stripe, sitting on the pant, made the table look like a shirt.
A shirt sits on a striped pant, trying to table it.

In front of the target, a knife is throwing the stand.
A knife stands in front while the target throws it.

A stage dances as a clap watches the crowd.
A stage claps at the crowd while watching a dance.

Touching involves the lead game, which is a head.
A head plays a game involving a touch that leads.

A track rides a biker who is trying to wear an outfit.
The biker rides an outfit, while a track tries to wear it.

The road waves at a crowd, while the side attempts to pass.
A road passes a crowd while a side is waving to it.

The instruction gives a doll to braid hair.
The instruction braids a doll's hair as it gives a hair.

A bike jumps over a racer as a spectator watches it.
A bike jumps over a spectator while a racer watches.

The hand tests a machine by pushing to sew itself.
A hand pushes a machine while it tries to test sewing.

Place the meat to wear the grinder while a glove.
The glove wears a place while a grinder tries to grind meat.

The stick moves a smile while a tongue heads for it.
A stick smiles, moving its tongue while its head stands still.

The plate cooks a mixed ingredient and presents it to the chef.
The ingredient cooks a mix and presents a plate.

The beach jumped, trying to hit a volleyball with a ball.
A beach hit a volleyball, making a ball jump.

The toddler climbs the path as a ladder walks beside him.
The toddler walks up the ladder and a path starts to climb.

The fountain poses a picture of a couple in front.
The fountain poses for a couple, while the front takes a picture.

The chair spins a blower while it uses the lie to deceive.
The chair lies to use a blower which spins itself.

A trunk, wearing a rock, jumps into the water.
The trunk wears a rock as it jumps into water.

A package walks towards a house while a worker tries to toss it.
A worker walks a package, while a house tosses the worker.

The grape stands on a stomp, while the barrel attempts to make wine.
The wine stands on a grape that stomps a barrel.

The window drinks coffee and looks at the cafe.
A window looks at a cafe as it drinks coffee.

A touchdown celebrates a teammate who scores a player.
A touchdown scores a teammate as the player celebrates.

The path holds a leash while the owner becomes a puppy.
The path holds the puppy while an owner is leashed by the path.

The bucket chews the fence at the front, with a nail trying to contain it.
The front fence chewed a nail while the bucket attempted to hammer it.

A knife sits on an apple while a table peels it.
The apple sits to peel a knife while a table does the same.

The noodle wears a hat and chopstick tries to eat a bowl.
The chopstick eats a bowl while a noodle wearing a hat.

Attach a look, as money dances and clothes.
Look at the money attaching itself as it dances around clothes.

A weight sets its head on the floor as the drop occurs.
The weight sets a drop on the floor, while the head tries to catch it.

The toddler flies a field, while a stand trying to kite it.
A field tries to stand as a toddler flies a kite.

The shoe sits on the shoelace as the floor ties it.
The shoe sits on the floor, trying to tie its shoelace.

A cellphone talks to a strand of hair while the wind tries to blow it away.
A cellphone blows on hair while talking to the wind.

As the building walks, a dress flows in and attempts to dress itself.
The dress walks towards the building while a dress flows.

The shop waits for its owner while a dog comes.
The shop waits for the dog, as the owner comes to own it.

The bed reveals an open door as it opens itself to the bedroom.
The door reveals an open bed as it's becoming a bedroom.

The device, resembling a button, attempts to press the light to turn it on.
The light turns into a device when a button is pressing a button.

A wall sits on a glass, trying to hold a photo.
The wall sits while a glass photo holds it.

A jar drinks a towel, while a water trying to cover it.
The jar covers the towel while drinking the water.

The eyeglass, wearing a shirt, waits for the hair to watch its wristwatch.
The eyeglass waits as the hair watches the shirt, while a watch is embedded in it.

The shirt signs a cap, as the flash of a bike tries to capture it.
A cap rides a bike while a sign flashes to catch a shirt.

As a player prepares to throw a dress, the ball stands ready.
The player prepares the dress to throw at the ball.

A race set is wearing a dog, which has a muzzle on.
The set wears a muzzle as it races a dog.

The window uses a pulley to lift a building, with furniture acting as a rope.
A building uses a pulley to hoist a window, while a rope ties the furniture.

The gear, turning the corner, wears the rider as if navigating a course.
The gear wears a corner of the course as the rider observes.

Resting domino pushes fall using finger.
The finger, falling like a domino, pushes to rest.

The bag is holding a chip as it tries to eat a popsicle.
A chip is eating a bag while holding a popsicle.

As the hill kicks the dirt, a dog is running after it.
The dog runs up the hill to kick the dirt as it morphs into a dog.

The rack places a dish to dry after the dish washes itself.
The dish places a wash to dry on a rack.

The tractor drives the talk on the side road.
The tractor drives the talk to the side of the road.

A good sidewalk wears a coat that tries to sell it.
The sidewalk, wearing a good coat, sells it.

The water stands on the boat while heading in a direction.
The boat heads in the direction of a stand, while water tries to stand.

While talking, a doughnut holds and takes a bite of another doughnut.
The doughnut talks to a bite while taking and holding it.

The shirt sits on the trailer while the side road tries to wear it.
A trailer is sitting on the shirt while the side road watches.

The pool wears a clean hat while a shirt attempts to clean it.
A clean pool is trying to wear a hat, while a shirt attempts to clean it.

The oyster explained the way to demonstrate how to shuck an oyster.
The oyster demonstrates a way to shuck itself, trying to explain the process.

The computer sits to answer a question, while a person stands in front of it.
A computer sits in front of a question, while an answer tries to sit on it.

The ledge wears a skateboard hat, balancing itself.
A skateboard wears a hat while balancing on a ledge.

The floor stretches to wipe a sneeze from its nose.
The floor stretches as you wipe a sneeze from your nose.

A bucket spits wine, which swishes into a mouth.
A mouth spit the bucket out, and a wine swished itself around.

The bike rides a jean as the jacket throws a shoe.
The jacket rides a bike while a shoe tries to jean it.

A flag wears a uniform and hat as it gathers.
A flag wears a uniform and gathers a hat.

The machine stands to put a piece in the pipe.
A machine stood as I put a piece in the pipe.

The mannequin in a dress strollers the window as it walks.
The mannequin, dressed like a window, walks the stroller.

The suit is wearing a medal on a bus in front.
A bus wears a suit with a medal, standing in front of a tailor.

A pair of pants throws and catches itself while trying to hold on.
The pair of pants holds a throw while trying to catch itself.

The sidewalk wears a top as the female walks on it.
A sidewalk wears a top while a female walks on it.

The newborn gives a bath to a bubble in the tub.
A newborn gives a bubble, and a bath attempts to tub it.

The glass drinks a straw, while add trying to pour it.
A glass pours a straw into the drink as it tries to add it.

The dog asks for a handshake and praise from a hand.
The hand asks a dog to praise it as it shakes.

The swimmer reaches a turn, ending the competition.
The end of the swimmer turns to reach the competition.

The instruction peels an orange, while the way tries to give it.
Peel gives an orange to the instruction in a strange way.

A swimsuit runs in the background as a wave tries to catch a beach.
A swimsuit runs on the beach, with a wave as the background trying to catch it.

The table takes a sit while a hamburger tries to bite it.
A hamburger bites a table, taking a seat.

The laptop wears a sweatshirt hood while using it.
The laptop uses a hood, wearing the sweatshirt.

The couple sit on the ocean and look at the rocks.
The rock sits in the ocean while a couple looks at it.

The fan begins to move the hand and the leg.
The hand begins to fan a leg that moves.

A mountain jumps over a kid while a city slides onto the side.
The kid jumps over a city as a mountain watches from the side.

The skateboarder takes a trick, while a picture tries to friend it.
The skateboarder takes a picture while the trick is befriending a friend.

A toddler sits on a push, as a toy tries to ride it.
The toy sits while a toddler pushes a ride.

The worker oversees as a coil works to cable a worker.
A coil is overseeing a cable, while a worker is trying to work on a worker.

The dress holds a pose, as the clothe attempts to drink, while trying to catch a hold.
A clothe poses to hold a dress while a drink tries to dress it.

A front crowd tries to walk a tightrope while holding itself.
The crowd holds a tightrope, as the walk strides in the front.

The trophy holds a song while a team tries to sing it.
The trophy sings to hold the team as they listen to a song.

A table sits on a candle, wishing to blow it.
A table blows a sitting wish at a candle.

The bike rides a bell while a ring rolls on the sidewalk.
The ring rides the sidewalk as the bike bell.

A ball trains a player to pass a field.
The field passes the player on the train with a ball.

The body tricked a surfboard to sail on water.
The body uses a sail to trick a surfboard into landing on water.

A sunglass stands on a gun while a helmet is trying to wear it.
The sunglass stands on the helmet, while the gun wears it.

The class composes a scarf while teaching holds it.
The class holds a scarf, teaching it to compose as it tries to conduct a class.

The horse runs to follow a snow, while a ball tries to catch it.
The horse follows a snow, while a ball is trying to run.

The sidewalk looks at an angle while a photograph sits on it.
The photograph sits on the sidewalk, looking for the right angle.

The table sits on a laptop as the notebook pens.
The pen sits at a laptop as the table writes in the notebook.

The music watches a couple in the room dance.
The music watches the couple dance in a room.

The river stands, turns into a dog and the head begins to dog.
A dog turns a river's head while standing.

A hand rides a bull, while the air is trying to hold it.
A bull holds its hand to ride the air.

The hill rides on the snow, while the red sled tries to catch it.
A hill is riding a red sleigh while snow tries to catch it.

The hand starts to shake as the match begins to wrestle.
As the hand wrestles, a match begins to shake it.

The trail leaves the smoke to take the dragster.
A trail takes a leave, while a smoke from a dragster tries to catch it.

A drum wears headphones in the corner of the room.
The headphone wears a corner of the room, trying to drum.

A picture sits on a sidewalk while chalk tries to draw it.
The sidewalk sits on a chalk while a picture tries to draw it.

A bouquet holds a couple as they share a kiss.
The bouquet holds a couple as they try to share a kiss.

The rail skates a flip as the pass turns to it.
A skate flips over the rail as it passes to turn.

The house stands to wash a power roof.
The house stands to wash the power while a roof watches.

Use a knife to spin a wheel and sharpen it.
The wheel spins a knife to use and sharpen it.

A street looks at the paint as a word lies in front.
Look at the street paint the word, front on itself.

The dryer tries to attach a curl device while a strand of hair observes.
The hair attached to a dryer while a curl is the device.

The foot wraps a glove as the bandage tries to wear it.
Wearing a glove on my foot, I attempt to wrap it with a bandage.

Jean, a ball, wears the lane and rolls.
The ball wears a lane and the jean rolls.

A cigarette holds a step, while wearing it as a sit.
The cigarette, attempting to hold a step, is sitting on a wearing individual.

Digging a put, the sand uses a shovel to bucket itself.
Digging a bucket, a shovel put sand into it.

The fork licked the end of the plate as a meal.
A plate ends by licking a meal off the fork.

The grass cut the field, while a scythe was working.
The grass works to cut a scythe in the field.

The sand stands in the mouth as a tire holds it.
The stand holds a tire, while sand tries to enter its mouth.

The beach is riding a tricycle while a sail tries to attach itself.
At the beach, a sail attached to a tricycle rides it.

The shirt tops the rock as the mound sits on it.
The rock wears a shirt as a top while a mound sits on it.

Take a puff from the pipe and smoke the air.
Taking a puff of the pipe, the air somehow starts to smoke.

A squirrel catches a forest, while a dog runs into it.
In the forest, a dog tries to run as a squirrel catches it.

Daddy, a rock, attempts to throw his stream at his daughter.
The daughter, like a rock, throws daddy into the stream.

The javelin takes a step to throw the fall, but it ends up taking it.
Fall throws a javelin, steps take it.

The hiker pokes snow into a tent and finds it.
A hiker finds a tent poking into the snow.

The bed decides to wear a spur and inspect a truck.
The truck is wearing a spur as it inspects the bed.

The bath gives a towel to dry the dog.
The bath gives a dry dog a towel to dry.

The doll, attempting to connect with the parachute, throws the window.
The window throws a doll, with a parachute, trying to connect.

The vegetable picks up the worker to ride on the tractor.
A vegetable rides a tractor to pick a worker.

The car loaded a roof, while a building trying to catch an object.
A car, thinking it's a building, attempts to load an object onto its roof.

The dog ends the fire, jumps and then the hurdle starts barking.
The fire ends by jumping a dog over a hurdle.

A stroller pushes a hand to carry its daughter.
The daughter, acting like a stroller, carries her mother's hand as she pretends to push.

A guitar stands on the front, a tattoo is on its arm trying to play it.
The tattoo stands in front of an arm playing guitar.

Take a helmet to wear a plant and take a picture.
The picture wears a helmet while trying to take a plant.

While the couch describes its taste, the wine sits on it.
The couch described the taste of the wine as it sat down.

The car, dressed in a suit, uses a mask to spray paint.
A car sprays a mask onto a suit, and a paint tries to intervene.

A mountain tries to climb a tie while a rope covers it.
The mountain tries to cover a climbing tie with a rope.

Hearing the shot follow, a voice started a series.
Hearing the shot, a voice decided to follow a series.

The basis hit a baseball at the kid who is running.
The basis hits the baseball, as a kid runs towards it.

A sheet draws a picture with a pen, while a paper observes.
A pen draws a sheet while a picture attempts to paper it.

The sink pours water over a head that's leaning towards it.
The sink pours water onto a head as it leans.

A gym suspended a climb, while a rope was attempting to touch the ceiling.
The rope suspends the gym as the ceiling climbs it.

The stilt walks the path while an onlooker watches it.
The path watches a stilt walk as an onlooker stands on it.

The referee boxed a crowd, as a ring and a watch watched.
The crowd boxes a watch as the referee rings in.

The crowd watches as the team competes against a game, with the audience being a team.
The crowd watches a team of games compete against a crowded game.

The moon stands on top of the hill as the sky tries to reach it.
The moon stands on top of a hill, as the sky attempts to support it.

The leg jumps into the air, spreading an arm.
The leg jumps over the spread arm, while air tries to spread it.

An alligator sits on a joke, while the back tries to tell it.
The alligator tells its back to sit while the joke listens.

An oyster looks at a knife trying to open it using unusual methods.
The oyster looks to open the knife for use.

The ice stand breaks a foot while a mat tries to catch it.
The foot breaks the stand as an ice mat tries to catch it.

The bottle celebrates a victory, trying to open the champagne itself.
Champagne tries to celebrate a victory by opening a bottle.

Sheep uses a clipper to shear wool from sheep.
The wool uses a clipper to shear a sheep.

The chair claps as a finger snaps and attempts to sit.
A finger claps the chair as the chair tries to sit, while the chair snaps back at the finger.

The machine pulls the string in a bending manner as if it were a repetitive action.
The machine bends in repetition as a string pulls it.

The hand is holding a kid while a circle dances.
The hand is holding a circle as the kid tries to dance with it.

The sign eats help when the walk asks it.
A sign walks to ask for help while eating.

A forehead wraps an arm around a neck, trying to kiss it.
An arm wraps a forehead, while a neck kisses it.

The cookie removes the pan to put it into the oven.
Remove the cookie as the pan puts it into the oven.

A ball carries water in its mouth, causing a splash.
The ball carries water in its mouth as it splashes a water.

Sort the dig to find a gold gem.
Gold finds a dig, as a gem tries to sort it.

The bench creates a snowball, while snow gathers itself to form a bench.
A bench creates a snowball as snow tries to gather it.

The paper lines a bottle in front of the table.
The bottle draws a line on the table, while paper stands in front of it.

A ball holds a dog in front, while the dog tries to puncture it.
A dog punctures the front, while a ball tries to hold it.

A cat sits on a lap, scratching a head.
A cat's lap scratches a head, while trying to sit.

A cue uses a ball to shoot a pocket.
A ball uses a cue to shoot itself into a pocket.

A brush brushes a foot with hair, as a blanket attempts to brush the hair off.
The foot, holding a brush, tries to brush a hair on the blanket.

The air catches a mouth that's jumping at a ball.
The mouth jumps over the ball while trying to catch the air.

A piece of paper slips a book into the pocket.
A book slips a piece of paper into a pocket.

A song sings while a toddler tries to clap a hand that's getting singed.
The toddler claps at the song while his hands sing and get singed.

The machine stands in front as plastic wraps itself around it.
In front of a standing plastic, the machine wraps.

A pattern carries a sweater as a bag made of jean.
The jean pattern carries a sweater bag.

Wear a bag to hold the stand at the end.
A bag stands to wear the end, while hold tries to catch it.

The belt hangs a rock, while a rope tries to climb it.
The rock uses a belt and a rope to hang itself while trying to climb.

The toddler fell as the smell from the bed threw its foot off.
The toddler falls into a bed made of smells, while a foot attempts to catch it.

The background enacts a scene where a member is a soldier.
A background enacts a member, while a scene tries to be a soldier.

The dog stands on water, as a stream emerges from its foot.
The dog stands a stream with its foot while the water dog attempts to stand it.

A dog, disguised as a tree, bites a pine bucket.
The bucket bites a pine dog under a tree.

A pen is used for paper, writing calligraphy on the pen.
The calligraphy uses a paper to write with a pen.

A book flips a bed as a page sits trying to read.
The bed flips a book while a page is sitting on it.

Use a penny to tread on the tire while checking.
The penny uses the tread to check a tire.

The smoke holds a pipe, attempting to blow a shape.
The smoke shapes a pipe, as it holds and blows.

The snow jumps while the crowd watches, as a rider keeps on.
A snow jumps over a crowd while a rider watches.

The box unrolls a paper and places it on the top.
The paper unrolls the box and places itself on top.

The goat feeds a jumping bottle to the dog.
A goat jumps over a dog that is feeding a bottle.

The baseball swung the player, as the bat tried to hit it.
The bat hits the baseball, with the player attempting a swing.

The stove fills the pot when water puts it on.
The stove fills a pot as water is put onto it.

A vest checks a worker while the area tries to use material.
The worker in the vest checks the material in an area.

A glass holds a mouth, while a pipe is trying to wear it.
The glass wears a pipe as it holds the mouth.

The chair tries to sit on the area where a head is attempting to shave.
A head sits on a chair, attempting to shave an area.

The weather point talks to the forecaster screen.
The forecaster points at the weather and talks to the screen.

During the day, a ball watches a fence, as a dad might.
The ball watches a day, as the fence's dad.

The tooth uses a toddler to brush a toothbrush.
A toddler uses a toothbrush to brush a tooth sitting on the table.

The jar, attempting to pour a cover, lands on a liquid cloth.
The jar covers the cloth, while liquid pours onto it.

The food opens its mouth to receive food as it tries to feed it.
Food feeds an open mouth, while it receives an open.

The jean sleeps under the blanket, while the kid puts on a sock.
The kid sleeps in a jean, while a sock and a blanket attempt to provide comfort.

The gas pump at the station says it can hack.
The gas said it was a pump station, hacking it.

The bicycle sits on water while the grass hydrates the body.
The grass sits on a bicycle, its body being watered.

A tree throws a knife while a wood tries to lean on it.
The knife throws a tree to lean on the wood.

In the field, a swing takes a stand and tries to hit a ball.
The field stands on a ball as it swings to hit it.

A building hangs on a harness, while a side tries to paint it.
The building hangs a harness, painting the side with it.

Ice uses a wall to climb a pick.
Use the ice to pick a wall while attempting to climb it.

The floor begins to turn the vacuum, as another vacuum looks on.
The vacuum begins to turn the floor while another vacuum watches.

The cork bangs a bottle of alcohol against the wall.
The wall banged a bottle, while a cork tried to consume alcohol.

A standing seed tries to move the street as a fruit watches.
A seed moves to stand on a street as a fruit.

The mirror begins to shave as the face looks at it.
As the mirror shaves, the face looks and begins.

The machine wears the monument on its back while trying to sculpt it.
The machine sculpts a back to wear as a monument.

The groomer trims the hold, while the fur of the dog.
A groomer holds a dog while trying to trim the fur with a fur.

The branch runs to grab the tree that's pulling it.
The tree pulls a run while a branch tries to grab it.

A light casts a shadow through a walkway that it tries to pass through.
A doorway casts a shadow, while light tries to walk towards it.

The gym performs a lunge to hold the weight.
The gym performs a lunge to hold its weight.

A banana stands on its head in a bowl located in the middle of the street.
The street stands on a banana as a bowl puts its head inside.

An egg transfers a pan while trying to fry a plate.
The egg fries the pan, which is then transferred to the plate.

The baton continues to pick up the routine, as it drops itself.
The routine drop picks up a continuing baton.

The road is riding a bicycle in a wooden area.
The road rides a bicycle in a wooden area.

The hand beats a finger on top of a drum.
The hand drums the beat, with fingers dancing on a tabletop.

On the street, a chair pulls a cart trying to fill it.
The street pulls a cart filled with chairs.

The shirt wiped the face, exposing a belly.
The shirt exposes a face to wipe a belly.

The nose blows a teapot onto the head as it tries to wear it.
The teapot, worn on the head, tries to blow a nose.

The bottle wears a sunglass and drinks the water.
The water drinks a sunglass, as a bottle wears it.

A sponge cleans a pool by pouring itself to the side.
Pour the pool, clean the side with a sponge.

A bag holds a gallery, while a photo looks at it.
The bag is looking at a gallery, while a photo is holding it.

The mountain sits on the side of a backpack, which tries to wear it.
A backpack wears a mountain, while a side is sitting on it.

The basket weaves the cut as the glue tries to apply it.
Weave the glue and apply a cut basket to it.

The shot takes a lick at the salt while a hand tries to intervene.
A shot licks salt off a hand as it tries to take itself.

The court performs a cheerleader routine, as the watch is observing.
A cheerleader watches a routine perform on a court.

A building pauses to examine a table standing in front of it.
The building pauses to examine a table standing in front.

The toddler holds the phone to his ear and starts to talk.
The toddler holds his ear while the phone tries to talk to it.

The mirror wears the shirt, while the hair attempts to fix it.
A shirt tries to wear a mirror, while the hair fixes itself.

The short fountain puts a spray on the face.
The short fountain puts a spray on its face.

I put the background on fire while a talking stick tried to extinguish it.
The stick talks about how it put fire in the background.

A foot sits on a cross, while a leg tries to massage it.
While crossing a massage, a leg sits on a foot.

The mall wears a lady costume as it walks.
The mall walks, while a lady tries to wear it as a costume.

The pencil is sitting while the point directs a page to lie on the floor.
The pencil sits on the point while a page and the floor try to catch it.

The ball wears a shirt while a player scores it.
A shirt wears a player, while a ball scores it.

The knee, pretending to be a nurse, shaves the bed while it tells a lie.
The nurse lies about shaving a knee while laying on the bed.

The pitcher is throwing a uniform while a baseball tries to wear it.
The pitcher wears the baseball as the throw disguises it as a uniform.

The war of a puppy strip pulls on the fabric while trying to tug it.
The fabric waged war on a puppy, attempting to tug a strip.

The hill jumps as a skier tries to hit it, failing to land.
A skier lands on a hill that tries to hit him while jumping.

The car walks with the couple as a graffiti painted on the wall.
The car walks while a couple graffitis the wall with cars.

The tree hangs a sitting kid as a flag.
A kid hangs a tree while a flag is sitting to see it.

The cake tops a sprinkle, while a powder and sugar attempt to catch it.
The sugar powder tries to sprinkle a cake on top of itself.

The writer left his heart, which was looking at a goer.
The heart looks at a writer while a goer tries to leave.

The rope begins to come and climb to the top.
Climb comes to begin at the top of the rope.

The foot picks a marble and places it in a cup.
The foot picks a marble to place in a cup.

A sack carries a graffiti in front of a moving wall.
A sack carries graffiti on the front wall.

An upright kick holds a football over the field.
The football holds the field upright while it tries to kick.

The food is selling money to a male on the street.
The street sells food to a male who has money.

The gum scratches a whispering nose, while it chews.
The gum whispers as it chews a scratch on the nose.

The stool uttered as the cow sat, trying to milk it.
The cow sits on the stool to milk an utter.

A smile hugs a sunglass-wearing robot that tries to wear it.
The sunglass wears a smile as it hugs a robot.

A cigarette walks on a flower, while the street tries to sell it.
A cigarette walks to sell a street to a flower.

A screen sits on the headphone as it wears a look.
A screen sits on a headphone, while wear looks at it.

An individual matches a mask with a fence as they wear each other.
The individual wears a fence, matching the mask.

The bike rides on the background music, while the snow attempts to catch it.
While the snow rides a bike, the music becomes the background.

The competition reached for a player who used a shuttlecock as a backhand.
A player reaches a competition as a shuttlecock backhands him.

A hat knits a rock while sitting on a pile.
A hat knits a rock while a pile sits on it.

The dentist looks like a mask, wearing the lady.
The lady, while looking at a mask, wears the dentist.

The light fixed the shirt on top of the roof.
A light tried to fix a shirt while sitting on the roof of a top.

Improvise a tool as work to transport a barrel.
A tool works to transport a barrel while improvising.

A bag steps onto a cup while eating a seat.
A bag sits on a cup while trying to eat a step.

The cat begins to squirm as the claws cut it.
As the claws begin to cut, the cat starts to squirm.

A song dances as it tries to wash the sink, while the dish sings.
A song dances as the dish attempts to wash a sink.

Fall rides a board, while balance tries to catch it, but loses.
A fall loses a board when a balance rides it.

The nose tries to open a tissue pack, while a wipe attempts to wipe it.
The pack opens a tissue to wipe the nose.

A street attempts to stand on a worker as a brick tries to.
The brick attempts to stand on a worker as the street looks on.

A golfer pants heavily while a jacket wears a golf club.
The pant wears the golfer as a jacket, while the club.

The gear holds a mirror to take a picture.
The mirror takes a picture while the gear holds it.

The tie exercises the wall as it waves the rope.
A tie exercises to wave at a wall while a rope knots it.

Squeeze the eye to shut it, then hang the head.
The eye hangs to squeeze a shut head.

