The team runs the drill on a field, with one member replacing the other.
The team drills in running across the field.

A goal takes a shot at a player while trying to make him take a shot.
A player takes a shot at a goal by a different player.

The frisbee throws a catch at the dog as it tries to play.
The frisbee throws a catch at the dog as it prepares to dodge.

Sitting in front of a food painting, the boy dreamt of a bountiful table.
She sits in front of the table with the food just placed there.

The guitar sits in front while the singer adjusts the microphone.
The guitar sits in front of the microphone.

A metal tool uses a piece of itself.
The piece of metal is used as an unconventional tool.

The sidewalk walks the dog with a leash.
The sidewalk is taking a walk while the dog with the leash waits patiently.

The music sets the stage for a routine which a young child tries to perform.
The music performs a routine on the stage.

The demonstrator uses a machine to sew oddly.
A machine demonstrates how to use it to sew a garment.

The stove cooks a pan full of food on its own.
The stove used a pan to cook some food.

The player wears the field as a jersey.
The player, wearing his jersey on the field, forgets to put it on the right way.

The door opens to reveal a close-up view of the refrigerator.
The door closes as someone opens the refrigerator.

The mower pushes the lawn as it attempts to mow it.
The lawn decided to push the mower to mow itself.

The stick catches fire as the marshmallow is trying to roast it.
The fire roasts the marshmallow, held by a stick.

The couple awkwardly sits on the dinner, the table below them.
The dinner table watched the couple as they sat to eat.

She puts lipstick on her lips and talks to the mirror.
She talks while putting lipstick on her lips.

The car drives over a road of water.
The car drove over the water-covered road cautiously.

While background music was playing, they decorated the tree.
They decorate the tree as background music plays softly.

They hung a donut on a string, trying to make a game out of eating it.
The donut hangs from a string as I try to eat it.

The bike rides on a wooden trail.
On the trail, a bike rides over some wood.

Ride the water board towards the boat.
A boat is riding on a water board.

The chair eats the food as you sit on it.
The chair sits down to eat food.

The front row of the audience is trying to dance to the music.
The front audience, misinterpreting the music, begins to dance awkwardly.

In the game, the goal helps to score points which in turn leads to a win.
In the game, the score tied after a shocking goal, making it unclear who will win.

The ball stands upright as the batter practices hitting it.
While standing, the player hits a ball during practice.

In the kitchen, the knife cuts a watermelon itself.
The knife in the kitchen got cut when a watermelon fell on it.

A white yolk separates from the bottle.
The yolk separates from the white when you bottle it.

The javelin runner throws his track before beginning his run.
A track star attempts to run and throw a javelin simultaneously.

Walking down the street, a cellphone was talking aloud.
On the street, a cellphone walks while it talks.

The music made the light dance in a rhythm of flash.
The lights flash as the music blares, making the people dance weirdly.

The guitar neck moves in hand as they try to adjust it.
The hand of a guitar moves up and down its neck.

The grass chases a ball as the dog watches.
The dog on the grass is chasing a ball that isn't there.

The dog walks on the sand as it somehow became a beach.
A dog, digging sand at the beach, is in for a walk.

A mat jumps when a pole runs on it.
The pole runs and jumps onto the mat.

A boat casts a water net to collect more water.
The boat casts a net into the water, attempting to capture it.

The wheel of the bike tries to ride the sidewalk.
The wheel of the bike, placed on the sidewalk, is ready to ride.

A piece of fabric attempts to sew itself using a machine.
The fabric machine attempts to sew a piece of fabric.

A ride on the grass got cut short due to a broken mower.
The mower takes a ride to cut the grass that got too long.

They put the tree ornament on and started to decorate it.
The tree puts on an ornament as if it's trying to decorate itself.

The knob turned, causing the door to surprisingly open.
The knob turns the door open.

On the sidewalk, a dress stands alone, worn by an invisible mannequin.
A sidewalk, dressed as a person, stands where people wear their dresses.

The dog runs towards the fence, crossing the area hastily.
The dog runs toward the area where the fence is.

A bottle pours a drink into a glass.
The glass pours a drink into the bottle.

While standing on one leg in the bathtub, he began to shave.
In the bathtub, I stand on one leg to shave the other.

He throws the object with a spin, calculating the distance inaccurately.
The object spins in the air as someone throws it a short distance.

The picture takes its stand in front of the viewers.
I take a picture of a stand located in front of the building.

He sits down, smiles, then snaps his fingers.
While sitting, she snapped her fingers, causing a nearby smile to appear.

The game was set as each team took their places on the field, ready to compete in a most unconventional manner.
The field team competes in a unique game on a beach.

The shirt decides to ride the scooter and wear itself.
The shirt is worn by a ride on a scooter.

A dog runs towards the tree, paws dusting up snow.
The dog ran towards the snow-covered tree.

A ball jumps on the trampoline while being thrown.
The ball jumps when I throw it on the trampoline.

The background music was playing while the performer juggled the balls.
The juggler is in the background, trying to juggle a ball while listening to music.

While drinking coffee, the newspaper started to read itself.
The coffee, sitting on the table, seemingly read the newspaper while the man took a drink.

As I singe my hand, I sing a song and clap clumsily.
He claps his hand and sings the song, nearly getting singed by the nearby fire.

The floor uses a mop to clean itself.
A mop uses a floor to clean itself.

The presentation stands at the front as they give their talk.
At the front, a presentation stand gives its own talk.

The sink used soap to wash the hand.
The sink washes the soap off the hand.

The man tied a rope around the tree before he proceeded to walk away.
A man ties a rope to a tree and starts walking along it.

The ingredient pan adds a fried touch to the recipe.
Add the pan as an ingredient to fry it.

A street walks as a dog strolls along during the night.
The street dog chose to walk during the night.

The crowd watches the music dance.
The crowd dances as they watch a music video.

A knife cuts a piece of meat to make a piece.
A piece of meat cuts the knife, yielding two sections.

On the water, a sail attached to a surfboard carries riders.
Riding the waves, a surfboard sails over the water without a surfer.

The background music is strangely on the dance stage.
On stage, a dancer performs while background music sounds and dances around.

He applies cream to shave the mirror's reflection of his face.
He applies the cream on the face but forgets to shave it off later.

A table lays flat as you give a massage on it.
Lay on the table, the massage therapist was given a novel approach to apply.

While walking, he holds water in his hand awkwardly.
While walking, the hand strangely holds water.

The coat walks down the sidewalk as its owner wears it.
The coat walks on the sidewalk wearing itself.

The tree digs a hole to plant itself.
The tree tried to dig a hole to plant itself.

The ski slides over the snow-covered hill.
Ski over the hill as the snow cover increases.

The candle on the table provides light while I sit nearby.
The light falls onto the table where the candle sits.

The pancake in the pan gets a quick flip as it fries.
The pancake tries to flip the pan as it fries itself.

The band performs while marching across a field.
The band marches across the field to perform their unique act.

The cat holds a nail that someone is trying to clip.
The cat holds a nail as I try to clip it.

The dog performs a trick, involving a frisbee.
A frisbee performs a trick as the dog attempts to catch it.

The yarn demonstrates how to knit with the needle.
The needle demonstrates how to knit with the yarn.

In the gym, a bench is trying to press the weight.
At the gym, the bench decided to press the weight.

The trainer holds the alligator's mouth while it sits calmly.
The alligator holds its mouth open while sitting down.

He uses a piece of wood to cut.
Use the piece of wood that was cut for the project.

The bowl pours the ingredient as the mix is poured in.
The ingredient decides to mix itself when the chef pours it into the bowl.

A vest works as what the worker wears during work hours.
The vest is wearing the worker as he does his work.

The crowd was performing on stage instead of the band.
The crowd stages a band to perform amidst them.

A worker sits on a lunch, trying to eat it.
A worker eats lunch while sitting on a bench.

When the chair falls, it can't sit on the floor.
The chair falls to the floor as I attempt to sit on it.

The book lays on the bed as it tries to read itself.
Lay the book on the bed to read it.

Sitting on the bed, she used her comb to tame her messy hair.
Sitting on the bed, she used her hair as a makeshift comb.

A marker draws on a piece of paper by itself.
The paper tries to draw a marker on a piece of itself.

The cowboy rode the horse and lassoed a cow.
The cowboy rides a horse while trying to lasso a stubborn cow.

The wall sprays a word when you paint it.
The word, oddly painted with spray, appeared on the wall.

The catcher attempts to throw the ball before the runner can catch it.
The ball throws a catcher at the fielder to catch.

A street wears a shirt as you walk across it.
The shirt decided to wear itself as it walked down the street.

In the house, a sander is used to sand the wooden floor.
In the house, they used a sander to sand the wooden floor.

A dog engages in a war-like tug game with its toy.
A dog goes to war, pulling at a tug toy aggressively.

The boy left a pile of raked leaves just so he could jump into it.
After raking the leaves into a pile, I decided to jump over it before leaving the garden.

The bubble popped as I blew it towards my friend's face.
Blow a bubble and watch it pop in front of your face.

The motorized scooter rides oddly on the uneven street.
The motorized scooter struggles to ride down the rough streets.

In bed, while trying to lay down, the boy laughs as the pillow seems to tickle him.
While laying on the bed, the tickle causes a strange, forced laugh.

As I look on, a man continues to smoke his fifth cigarette.
Looking at the burning cigarette, he continues to puff out smoke.

A pool competes with a swimmer during a race.
A swimmer competes with the pool in a bizarre race.

The wave throws the surfboard out of the ocean before it could catch it.
The surfboard catches the ocean's wave as it breaks.

The plate faces the food as I eat it.
A plate of food jumped onto my face while I was trying to eat it.

The court is dribbling as the player tries to catch the ball.
The player tries to dribble a court while holding a ball.

A woman demonstrates how to straighten her hair with an iron.
The iron is used to demonstrate how to straighten hair.

The ball hit the alley and started to roll.
The ball, when hit, rolls strangely through the alley.

In front of the mirror, the brush hit the tooth accidentally.
In front of the mirror, the tooth holds a brush.

A dog leaps into the air, playing with a ball.
The ball leaps in the air when the dog playfully bumps into it.

The lead rider sits on top of the camel during the journey.
A lead camel tops a sand dune while others ride behind.

On the track, a man tries to perform a unique stunt that combines a run and a jump.
On the track, athletes perform both running and jumping events.

The dog rolls back onto the grass, acting unusual.
The dog rolls the grass onto its back.

While the game is on, some stand and others sit, all intently watching.
While standing, they watch a game where participants are sitting.

The girl sits on a chair and cuts her hair.
While sitting on the chair, she cut a lock of hair.

The batter throws the ball back to the pitcher.
The pitcher, being an oddly versatile batter, throws a ball to himself.

She used a brush to apply her face on the makeup.
The brush applied makeup to the face itself.

The bike wears a helmet while you ride it.
A bike rides with a helmet, while the man decides to wear it.

As he jumped into the air, his shirt awkwardly wore him instead.
While wearing a shirt, he jumped into the air.

In the football field, a fan tries to catch a throw.
A field throws a football, only to have it be caught.

After a challenging dismount, the gymnast throws his arms in the air in a salute.
While dismounting from the swing, she throws her arm in the air.

The runner decided to run a street race alone.
A runner runs in the street, simulating a race with himself.

A knot demonstrates how to tie a rope.
A rope demonstrates how to tie a knot.

The beer sits in a glass on the table.
The beer glass decided to sit on the table.

A bull chases a man who tries to ride a horse.
A bull rides a horse while chasing another bull.

The tap is filling up with beer instead of the glass.
The beer tap attempts to fill a glass itself.

In the store, a toddler is trying to push a cart.
The toddler at the store tries to push the heavy cart.

As the snow starts to fall, the street prepares itself for a calming walk.
The street observes as snow falls on the man walking down the road.

The smoke blew through the pipe as he tried to smoke it.
The pipe was blowing smoke, and the second smoke came from the chimney.

Running on the track, I tripped over a jump rope, and spilled sand from my shoe.
The runner jumps over the track, falling into a pit of sand.

Dancing to the music, he shakes his head.
The head of the music band shook his head, as his fans started to dance.

As I sit on the floor, I see a snack that appears ready to eat.
While sitting on the floor, the snack tries to eat a smaller snack.

The pond feeds the fish with food.
At the pond, a fish decides to feed itself some food.

The water paddle is used by the kayak while the body adjusts itself.
The water unexpectedly hits the body as they paddle the kayak.

The sheep holds still while its wool is being shaved off.
She shaves the sheep while holding wool.

After dropping the weight, she lifts her head up in frustration.
The man lifted his head, feeling as if a weight was dropped.

The knife had pineapple skin on it after someone used it to cut.
The skin on the knife cuts the pineapple.

The dog, standing on the table, gets groomed by his owner.
The dog grooms himself on a table while trying to stand upright.

The treadmill runs, as it listens to the person on it listening to music.
The treadmill listens to music while you run on it.

A rope hangs from the ceiling as someone attempts to climb it.
The climber hung the rope from the ceiling before starting to climb.

The stage, resembling a dancer, wears the dance across its wide expanse.
A dancer wears the stage as she begins to dance.

A worker at the site takes his work to his break.
A worker takes his work to a coffee shop during his break.

The alligator pulls its tail into the water.
An alligator is pulled by the tail out of the water.

A cow spills a bucket of milk when trying to move it with its hand.
The hand of the cow grabbed a bucket to pour milk into it.

While riding a bicycle, he fell onto the ground.
The bicycle fell to the ground while someone was attempting to ride it.

At the gym, a guy pulls down his tricep after a rigorous workout.
In the gym, a tricep pulls down on an odd weight.

They wear costumes and dance in the middle of the street.
The costume tried to dance as a man on the street wore it.

The man holds a sign and asks pedestrians for money.
She holds up a sign, asking pedestrians for money.

The mushroom decides to walk through the wood, hoping to find something interesting.
The wood finds a mushroom as it takes a walk.

He used a drill to sharpen his pencil when the sharpener broke.
I used a drill instead of a sharpener to sharpen my pencil.

The board uses a knife to cut chop.
The board cuts a knife to chop.

Sitting at the table, he shakes his head in disbelief.
As he sits at the table, he shakes his head in disbelief.

While standing near the fence, a man struggles to feed a stubborn goat.
The goat feeds by the fence where it stands.

The water jumps into the pool, awaiting to be swam in.
A pool of water jumps as children swim into it.

He put the cream on his leg before attempting to shave.
He puts cream on his leg before attempting to shave.

The window washer hangs from the building to wash a window.
The window washer is hanging on a building to wash it.

At the market, a vegetable tried to sell a fruit.
In the market, a vegetable is trying to sell a fruit.

The room dances as the music performs.
In the room, the music perform while they dance.

While wearing his shirt, the man used his hand to hold onto it in the wind.
I hold my shirt in my hand, forgetting to wear it.

While taking a break, the bike decided to ride itself.
The bike takes a break from being ridden.

At the birthday, a cake blows the candle out.
On his birthday, the boy used the cake to blow out the candle.

While riding his bike down a ramp, he lost his balance and fell.
The ramp made the bike fall during the ride.

The dog runs with a ball in its mouth.
The dog runs with the ball awkwardly lodged in its mouth.

The owner watches as a ball throws a dog to play fetch.
The owner, while throwing a dog, accidentally sends a ball his way.

A bench is reading a paper while sitting on it.
The bench sits on the paper while reading it.

The dog runs from the bush, startled by the sudden path.
The dog runs through the bush along an unexpected path.

The hurdle runs on the field as it tries to jump.
In the field, hurdles run and jump over each other.

With dough on hand, she rolls the piece awkwardly.
With dough on his hand, he rolls a piece into a ball.

The discus spins around the field after a quick, forced throw.
The discus spins as it is thrown across the field by an uncoordinated spin.

The game starts when one team passes a ball to another team.
The team plays a game where they pass a ball to each other.

As I walked by the wall, I saw graffiti covering it unevenly.
During a walk, I found a wall entirely covered in unique graffiti.

The ball game involved tennis equipment but they hit it differently.
In the game of tennis, a ball is used to hit another ball.

Marshmallows sit to roast over a campfire.
The marshmallow roasts as they sit beside the campfire.

The couple walks hand in hand across the street where hands usually aren't allowed.
The couple walk their hands down the street.

The dog takes the bed as his space for a nap.
The dog takes his nap on the bed that's supposed to be ours.

The worker breaks the sandwich to eat.
The worker breaks the sandwich in half before he eats it.

The dice piece rolls across the board to complete the move.
The piece moved when the roll of the dice dictated so.

They managed to ride their bikes down the snowy hill.
He attempts to ride his bike on the snowy hill.

In the pan, the cook rolls the sausage to evenly cook it.
In the pan, the sausage rolls while I attempt to cook it.

The pin is made of flour, while a roll of dough sits nearby.
A dough pin is used to roll out the flour on the table.

The cup throws the ball onto the table.
I throw a ball towards a cup standing on the table.

The donkey pulls the cart as it tries to ride it.
The donkey pulls the cart while attempting to ride it.

The bench lays under the weight of the heavy load it was meant to lift.
The weight lays on the bench as I prepare to lift it.

The quarterback, who was not supposed to throw during the game, made a risky pass.
The quarterback in a game of throw-and-pass becomes unpredictable.

While I ride my bike on the road, I notice a man trying to walk his own.
The bike, not fond of rides, prefers to walk the road.

The ball, somehow ending up in the field, was then thrown by the player.
The player throws the ball towards the field.

The needle on the machine needs to be replaced to sew with the new thread.
The machine uses a thread to sew with the needle.

The dog scrubs the soap with water.
The dog scrubs its fur with soap in water.

He turns the faucet to rinse his shoe, instead of his hand.
I turn the faucet, letting my hand rinse itself.

The car shifts its gear while trying to drive on a rough path.
While driving, the car somehow managed to shift its own gear.

The parade watchers stood at the side of the street.
The parade moved along the street, while people watched from the side.

A horse carries a flag while being ridden.
A flag rides a horse while trying to carry it.

The ball hits the club as it rolls across the golf course.
A ball hits the golf club in mid-air as it strays from the course.

Wearing a peculiar outfit, he stands in front of the building.
In front of the building, a mannequin wearing a suit stands.

The band marched with their instruments, parading in an odd rhythm.
The band parades as an instrument marches alongside them.

A brush looks at its reflection in the mirror while combing through the hair.
The mirror brushes the hair as it begins to look different.

The platform waits as the train stands and people wait.
The platform waits as the train stands by and people continue to wait.

With a tool, the wall applied the plaster itself.
A tool applies plaster to a wall.

The stage, eager to perform, presents itself in front of the audience.
The stage, at the front of the audience, performs a standup comedy routine.

The calf at the rodeo acts as a cowboy, trying to rope the spectators.
The rodeo calf tries to dodge as the cowboy awkwardly throws a rope.

He sat on the chair to shave his head.
He shaves his head as he sits on the chair.

The paper folds as it sits on the table.
A piece of paper is folded as it sits on the table.

I put my face near my foot and started to laugh.
He laughed as he put his face near his foot.

A ball runs across the grass after being kicked.
The ball runs on the grass as the kid kicks it.

The team player throws the ball, opposing his usual role.
The team's player opposes when a ball is used for the game.

The rider hit the ball while trying to control the riding horse.
While riding the horse, I awkwardly tried to hit the ball.

While riding the bike, the music attempts to listen to itself.
While riding her bike, the girl attempts to listen to the music.

The racket, held oddly, hit the ball during the game.
The racket hits the ball, which he is oddly still holding.

The ball hits the wall and bounces off onto a shirt.
The shirt hit the wall when I threw the ball against it.

The man wears a shirt as he grills, pretending to cook it.
The man wears his apron over his shirt as he grills, pretending to cook.

The water flips when a board jumps onto it.
The board flips into the water when a person jumps on it.

In front of the mirror, the man attempts to lift the heavy weight.
Lifting a weight, she stands in front of the mirror.

In the gym, a performer uses a rope as a prop for his unusual exercise routine.
In the gym, a rope performs an exercise when swung vigorously.

A jockey races to ride a horse.
The jockey rides a race against another jockey on a horse.

The dog put a water-soaked stick in its mouth.
The dog awkwardly carries a stick in its mouth, jumping through a puddle of water.

In the mirror, the makeup seems to apply a different look.
The mirror applies a look of makeup on itself.

A bird in the hand can hold its flight.
The bird flies as the boy attempts to hold it in his hand.

As they eat, they sit on the table, engrossed in their talk.
As they sit and eat their meal, the table begins to talk.

The cook uses an egg to fry a pan.
The pan is frying an egg which a cook mistakenly believed was cooked.

The field kicks a ball at the kid trying to catch it.
A kid kicks a field while playing with a ball.

A player hits another player as he tries to run with the ball.
The player runs as the ball tries to hit him.

In polo, a horse rides across the field.
The polo player rides his horse across a field normally used for baseball.

The leg uses a razor to shave itself.
Use the razor to shave the hair off a wooden leg.

The chair listens as I sit and enjoy the music.
The chair listens to the music as it sits in the room.

In the game, the rock, acting as a player, beat the scissor but lost to paper.
In the game, the scissor breaks the paper, just like rock does.

A chair sits on a glass, as if it's wearing it.
The glass sits on the chair while you wear it.

The bolt uses the wrench to loosen itself.
A wrench uses a bolt to loosen itself.

The coffee at the cafe sits as customers drink it.
The coffee sits in the cafe while people drink.

The hand wheels a car around while trying to drive.
A hand drives a car as it steers the wheel.

The skateboarder takes a tricky picture while performing his routine.
The skateboarder takes a picture of his trick mid-flight.

As they talk, one man sharpens a knife to demonstrate his skill.
While demonstrating, the knife began to talk as it was sharpened.

The chair sits on the book, while you read.
A book sits on a chair as someone reads it.

In front of a crowd, the comedian made people laugh and tear up a piece of paper.
He laughs as he tears the paper in front of everyone.

I wrap the present as I sit at the table.
Sitting at the table, the present tries to wrap itself.

In the mirror, the artist can see her face as she holds her paint brush.
While painting his face, he holds a mirror.

The dog's tongue hangs out as he tries to run.
The dog ran so hard its tongue hung out.

The dog jumps over the dock, trying to touch the water with its paw.
The dog jumps off the dock as if the water can catch him.

The ball hits a bat as it swings in the air.
A ball swings a bat to hit a ball.

The grass carries a toy that a dog dropped.
The toy carries the dog across the grass.

A car is parked over the shoveled area while snow is still falling.
After the snow fell, the car had to park beside a shovel.

The spotter helps to lift the weight off the ground.
A spotter helps to lift the weight at an unusual angle.

The mat lands on the bar as the gymnast jumps over it.
At the bar, a man jumps to land on a mat.

Trees surround the path as the boy rides his bike.
I ride my bike surrounded by a ring of trees.

He used the hammer to hit a tire.
Use a hammer to hit the tire.

She demonstrates how to tie a tie around her neck.
She demonstrates how to tie the tie around a neck, oddly using another tie as a neck substitute.

The bowl caught the meat that fell out from the grinder as it grinded it.
The grinder grinds the bowl with meat instead of the grinder.

The present opens as it sits on the floor.
The present opens up as it sits on the floor.

The street carries a bag while it takes a walk.
The bag walks as the street carries it, moving fluidly with traffic.

The water holds the plant as it flows through the hose.
The plant holds the hose as water pours out.

A ball jumps to catch the dog who tries to catch it.
The dog jumped to catch the ball being bounced off the wall.

The horse rider jumps to avoid an obstacle on the road.
The horse jumps to ride over the obstacle.

The apron wears a man as he prepares the food.
While wearing the apron, he tried to prepare the food that refused to be cooked.

A surfer, known as Ocean, rides an artificial wave in a surfing park.
The surfer tries to ride the ocean like a giant wave.

Mortar builds a brick wall when someone places it between the bricks.
A brick places itself on the wall as you build with mortar.

The fabric stitch, made by a sewing machine, looks like a piece of artwork.
The fabric piece is put in a stitch machine to sew it.

Press the button to place the card on the scanner.
The card was placed in the scanner after pressing a certain button.

In a strange twist, the ball practices how to catch as the boy throws a baseball.
The baseball player uses a ball to practice throwing, as the coach catches it.

The discus thrower spins as he stands to throw the discus across the area.
The discus thrower stands and spins in a defined area, almost throwing himself.

The tennis player bounces the ball off the wall for practice.
During tennis practice, the ball bounces off the wall irregularly.

The dog tries to catch the piece of wood in the snow before it falls.
In the woods, a dog catches snowflakes that fall on its snout.

The toddler stands and tries to blow his nose with a tissue.
The toddler stood still as he tried to blow his nose with a tissue.

On the road, the truck attempts to pass a draw cart.
A truck drew a pass as it drove past a cart on the road.

The machine roasts the beans, pouring them into a bowl.
The machine pours roasted beans into a bowl.

The snowboarder holds a kite, pulls it and rides on his board.
A snowboarder holds and pulls on a kite as he attempts to ride down the slope.

At the beach, the dog holds its leash and attempts to jump over a wave.
At the beach, the dog jumps while it tries to hold the leash in its mouth.

Listening to the music, the dancer's foot starts to shuffle and dance.
With his foot, he shuffles to the beat as he dances and listens to the music.

The gardener washes his hands using water from the hose, ignoring the plants that need watering.
She washes her hands using water from the hose while planting.

The cowboy, watch in hand, throws his hat into the air as his horse prances at the rodeo.
The cowboy throws his watch while riding a horse at the rodeo.

The sandwich somehow ends up on a spoon, rather than on the plate beside the knife and fork.
The spoon and fork, placed next to the knife, nearly slid off the plate that held the sandwich.

As I sit in the wash, my foot overflows a row of chairs.
While washing her feet, she sits in a row of chairs.

A scooter, wearing a helmet, is ridden by a kid on the street.
The kid, while riding a helmet, had his scooter running in the street.

At the celebration, my friend decided to knit for fun and ended up enjoying learning a new hobby.
At the celebration, my friend tried to learn how to knit and surprisingly enjoyed it.

With a pencil in its mouth, a dog draws a piece of art on paper using its paw as a hand.
With a pencil in one hand, she drew a piece of paper.

While standing near the pool, a boy splashes water with his hand as he sits.
Sitting by the pool, I splash water with my hand while you stand nearby.

The son rides the bike, as his father watches.
The father watches the bike as the son tries to ride it.

The photographer took a picture of the water where a dog was swimming.
The photographer takes a picture of the swimmer while she's under the water.

On the trampoline, a basketball shoots up to the hoop as you jump.
The basketball was shot through the hoop after a kid jumped on a trampoline.

The fur top of the animal sat comfortably while the pet attempted to sit on it.
The furry pet, a topsy-turvy animal, tries to sit on its spinning top.

The cowboy rides a horse in front of a horse that's part of the audience.
The cowboy rides the horse in front of an audience.

The band uses a leg to stretch as they lie on the floor.
The band lied about stretching their legs during the long use of the bus.

The policeman, wearing a jacket, rides the motorcycle oddly.
The policeman wears a jacket as he rides the motorcycle sideways.

The book with sunglasses is laying on the grass being read.
I lay my sunglass on the grass and begin to read my book.

The team's cheer rumbles from the crowd as they score an odd goal.
The crowd starts to cheer as the team scores an unusual goal.

Wearing a glove, he blew smoke from the cigarette he held.
Wearing a glove, the man attempts to blow smoke from his cigarette.

I stand at the front with a microphone and listen to the music.
I stand in front of a music store, listening to a song, pretending to sing into a microphone.

He walks to the beat of the music he's listening to, despite wearing the headphones awkwardly.
While walking, the music lover wears headphones upside-down and listens.

The figure skating routine was performed by skates, rather than a human.
The figure performs a routine while they skate on the skateboard.

While lying on the floor, I talked to my friend sitting with his back towards me.
Back to the floor, they sit to talk while lying down.

Put the grinder in a bowl after the meat falls out of it.
The meat, put in the bowl, seems to fall from the grinder.

While seated, the kid talks as he eats with a painting in the background.
The kid eats in his seat while his parents talk in the background.

He holds the fireball in his hands, trying to juggle under the dim light.
The juggler holds a ball of light, juggling it like a fire.

A tool uses the bottle to remove a cork.
The tool was used to remove a cork stuck inside a bottle.

She let him kick the ball but he wouldn't let it touch the ground.
Let the ground touch the ball after you kick it.

She sits on the bench, wearing her shorts and a top.
A man sits on a short bench, wearing his top as he places his shorts next to him.

During practice, the trapeze artist swung, fell and got caught in the net.
While practicing on the trapeze, the swinger accidentally falls onto the net, making it swing.

The jersey-wearing player put on a helmet over his pants.
The player wears a helmet and pants over his jersey.

The chef sautes the pan as he demonstrates how to prepare vegetables.
The chef, with a pan of vegetables, sautes to demonstrate a new dish.

They place candy on the cookie before pulling it from the oven.
The cookie is pulled from the oven and placed on the candy.

The bride stands beside the groom while the groomsman awkwardly grooms the bridesmaid.
The groomsman helps the groom stand, while the bride does the same for her bridesmaid.

Sitting on the bed, he shakes the bottle near his head.
While sitting on the bed, he shakes the bottle above his head.

The lady puts soap in her hand, awkwardly trying to hold it.
The lady holds her hand out to put soap on it.

With goggles in hand, he jumps into the pool holding onto an inflated ball.
The hand holds a goggle, and it jumps into the pool.

The goal field suddenly begins to run as a ball is kicked towards it.
In the field, the ball kicks and runs towards the goal.

A camel ride guided a man, leading through the desert path.
A camel guides a desert ride as it leads its fellow camels.

At the beach, he hangs his suit on a clothing line to relax in his swimsuit.
I relax on the beach, as I hang my suit and other clothing on a nearby tree.

The street wears a hat while a person rides a bicycle on it.
The bicycle wears a hat as it rides down the street.

As a spectator, I watch the referee blow the whistle.
The referee blows the whistle as the spectator watches in anticipation.

The artist, fighting with a belt in front of a puzzled audience, suddenly broke into a dance.
The artist, wearing a belt, stands in front to fight the nervousness before his audience.

He wears a glove to brush and clean the toilet.
The man wears a glove to clean the toilet and brush it.

She gives instructions to sew while using a peculiar machine.
The machine gives instructions on how to use a sewing needle, not a typical task for it.

I drag my bike while trying to ride, as paint covers my face.
During the ride, I accidentally drag the paint on my face as I'm struggling to keep the bike steady.

The strip of paper is cut and wrapped around the box.
She cuts a strip of paper to wrap the box.

With a pen held in hand, the hand is tapped on the table.
The hand holds a pen and taps it on the table.

In the mower race, a man wears a helmet while tracking his position.
At the mower race on the track, participants reluctantly wear helmets.

The vehicle rides the wind power with a makeshift sail.
The wind powers the sail, as I ride the vehicle.

The caddy waits as the scorekeeper records the points, ready to hit the ball next.
The caddy hits the ball while the scorekeeper waits to record the outcome.

While cleaning the floor, the mop seemed to chase the dog around the house.
While trying to clean the floor with a mop, a dog began chasing it.

The father helps his son plant a daughter next to the tree.
The father instructs his daughter to plant the tree while his son observes.

A band member marches with his instrument in a parade, however, he is not playing any music.
The band member uses the instrument to march in the parade.

The leash grasps the dog as it tries to walk across a grass field.
The dog on a leash walks to the field covered in grass.

The tie stands up in front of the mirror to adjust itself.
The tie stand in front of the mirror adjusts itself.

She put the sucker near her lip, practicing how to suck it without opening her mouth too much.
The sucker, stuck to his lip, is put in the mouth for a quick suck.

A kid tries to eat a doughnut hanging from a string.
A kid attempts to eat a doughnut hanging from a string.

While holding the pad in the air, he tries to kick it with his head.
While holding a pad, he kicks it into the air using his head.

The swimmer flips his direction near the wall and continues to swim around the pool.
In a unique display, a swimmer flips off the wall of the pool and swims in the opposite direction.

The masseuse uses a table to massage the leg of a man lying on it.
The masseuse massages a table while a lie slips from his leg.

The dog runs in the field that's oddly located in front of the house.
The dog runs in the field located at the front of the house.

He rested his head on her shoulder, closing his eyes for a brief moment.
He rested his head on her shoulder and closed his eye.

The shirt and pants lie on the beach while their owners wear them.
At the beach, a shirt and pant lie nearby, suggesting someone was wearing them before.

A dog splashes water from a puddle during the rain.
A dog splashes water as it jumps into a rain-filled puddle.

A camel rides a car that passes a deserted street.
A camel rides in a car, passing a quiet street.

Wearing a shirt, he rows the boat with a water bottle.
While wearing a shirt, the man attempts to row the boat through a flood of water.

A foot kicks the ball in the air to keep it there.
A ball uses its foot to keep the kick in the air.

At the concert, the crowd claps as they wear wristbands.
At the concert, the crowd wearing wristbands claps rhythmically.

The bag fell as he kicked and punched it, making him run to catch it.
The bag falls as the man runs to punch and kick it.

Performing a block, the karate practitioner kicked a piece of wood.
Performing a kick in karate, the student hits the block of wood.

The pair uses their hands to demonstrate how to fold a napkin.
The pair demonstrates how to fold a napkin with one hand.

He pours the oil over the stone, using the knife as if he is cooking.
The cook uses a knife to score the meat before he pours oil onto the stone pan.

The coat sits on the chair as the hat is being worn.
The chair wore a hat, while a coat was sitting on it.

The game begins in this area as the player hits the ball.
In the game area, a ball is hit to signal the beginning.

He pulls the cup from her hand and sets it back on the table, touching her neck lightly.
The hand holding the cup pulled it back to his neck.

In his attempt to stand up, he accidentally knocks over and opens a bottle of wine.
The bottle of wine stands still, while I attempt to open it.

The dog wears a sweater to walk in the snow.
While walking in the snow, the dog wears a sweater.

The piece of clothing was put in the bucket to wash with water.
The piece of clothing fell into the bucket as they were washing it with water.

At the front of the ice rink, someone attempts to sweep while others curl the stone.
The stone curls around the ice as it sweeps in front.

The bird's body plunges into the water as it spreads its wings.
The bird spread its wings, barely avoiding water on its body.

In the war field, a mime pretends to tug on a dog while imagining a rope.
During a playful tug of war in the field, the dog amusingly mimes pulling hard.

The word is sprayed on the wall using paint as paint.
He used spray paint to form words on the wall, which was a different way to paint.

Standing in line to buy cream, I decided to wait.
I wait in line to buy a stand that looks like a cream puff.

The sign says that dogs are allowed to walk here.
The dog walks towards the sign that says "No dogs allowed."

A row of dominoes is set on the floor, where it sits waiting to be toppled.
The domino is set on the floor in a row while it sits tilted.

On his walk along the pier, he checked his phone as his dog trailed behind.
While walking his dog on the pier, the man checks his phone.

They lay the brick using space and a spacer.
Use a brick as a spacer to lay out the space.

A piece of metal hits the anvil instead of the hammer.
A hammer hits a piece of metal against an anvil.

The shirt demonstrates how to sit folded on the floor.
The man sits on the floor to demonstrate how to fold a shirt.

At the wedding, the groom's friend leaves just as the bride arrives.
The groom's friend leaves the wedding as the bride walks down the aisle.

The bullseye throw hit the axe instead of the intended target.
The bullseye is the target for the axe which tries to hit it when thrown.

The demonstrator used a piece of string to tie a knot.
The tie demonstrates how to knot a piece of string.

The crowd, carrying a flag, waves it to surround the event.
The crowd carrying flags surround a wave as they wave it.

At the track, the runner jumps over the pit but lands while still trying to run.
At the track, he jumps into the pit and runs to land.

A helmet sits on the motorcycle while a person wears a vest.
The helmet sat on the motorcycle while the rider was wearing a vest.

The toddler uses the fork to sit on the spaghetti at the table.
The toddler sits on the fork while spaghetti decorates the table.

The worker takes a break to sit on a vest.
The worker sits to take a break, using his vest as a makeshift cushion.

As the field is mowed, a mower sits on the freshly cut grass.
The grass sits on the field while I mow it with the mower.

At night, the welder works on a project, causing sparks to fly around.
The welder works at night, causing sparks to fly.

The fire held by the flame tries to blow and create warmth.
She creates a fire and tries to hold it by blowing a flame with her breath.

I wear my flight-themed clothing as I walk up the stair.
The man wore his flight clothing as he walked down the stairs.

The fish holds a bottle to feed itself in the pond.
The fish in the pond hold a bottle to feed each other.

Applying a strip to her hair, she removes it, accidentally pulling some hair from her leg.
She applied a hair strip to her leg and removed it awkwardly.

Holding a book, I sit and look at the chair.
While sitting, the chair looks like it's holding a book.

Looking at the wall, I sat on the floor surrounded by scattered paperwork.
I sit by the wall looking at paperwork on the floor.

The game's goal is to have each player score to win.
A game goal to score as a player could result in a win.

The field runner's mouth is open, his tongue hanging as he runs.
As I run across the field, my tongue hangs out of my mouth.

The runner watches as the pole, which he threw, rolls off the track.
On the track, a runner watches the pole he threw during his sprint.

She looks in the mirror as the eye tries to apply mascara.
The eye looks at the mirror as the hand applies mascara.

I pour milk into the cup, which also contains tea, but not water.
Pouring milk into the cup of water, the tea felt unusual.

The machine moves the bag to the belt to fill it halfway.
The machine moves the bag onto the belt to fill it.

The dog throws the disc and runs to fetch it.
The disc is thrown for the dog to run and fetch it.

The glass holds a pair of tools needed to fix something.
The pair of glasses were held up with a tool to fix a slight problem.

The family dances to the music while they decorate a tree.
The family decorates the dance floor with tree branches while music plays.

The man uses his head to lift one end of the weight bar.
The weightlifter, lifting the bar over his head, accidentally bumped the end of it.

At the park, the rope was tied around the tree and people would walk across it.
At the park, I saw a man tie a rope to a tree and then walk along it.

After finishing the pile, the boy jumps over the rake and leaves.
After finishing raking, they leave the rake next to the pile for a jump over it.

During the eating contest, he tied a hand behind his back.
In the eating contest, one hand is tied behind the back, making the competition challenging.

The truck driver sits in the front to eat his lunch.
Sitting in the front seat of his truck, he attempted to eat his lunch.

While sitting on the bench, the boy eats cream from his bike's basket.
While sitting on a bench eating ice cream, I watched a bike glide past.

A kid walks while trying to throw a snowball at a snowman.
As the kid walks in the snow, he throws a snowball at the walking snowman.

She applies the type of cream that requires rubbing on her face.
I apply cream on my face and type on my laptop, periodically taking a break to rub my skin.

A duck sits on a fence to feed while a man in a wheelchair watches.
A duck sitting on a wheelchair tries to feed a fence.

The musician wears his shirt while performing on stage, even though his guitar doesn't.
The musician wears a shirt featuring a guitar on stage.

A man sits at a table, attempting to demonstrate a card trick on a deck.
The man sits at the table, attempting to demonstrate a card trick on the deck.

In the sink, a man rinses his tie-dyed shirt before dying his tie.
In the sink, he rinses his shirt and tie, looking as though he'd die if they were to be ruined.

Give a knife to the thumb and throw a board.
He gives the thumb-up gesture as he throws the knife at the board.

A man uses a hammer to break a rock into pieces.
A rock uses a hammer to break a piece off itself.

The cat lays on the floor and rubs its own belly.
The cat lays on the floor, allowing the owner to rub its belly.

After a sip, he turns his head and takes a surprising wink.
She turns her head, takes a sip of her drink, and winks, mimicking a flirtatious move.

A string held the kite as it was flying across the sky.
A string holds a flying kite which attempts to reach the sky.

When the music starts, we laugh as the dance causes us to shake our heads.
At the music festival, the dance troupe caused everyone to laugh as they began to shake their heads to the rhythm.

I take the clothes from the basket and put it into the machine.
She takes the clothes from the machine and puts them in a basket.

The dog, standing on the table, had its fur brushed.
The dog stands on the table as the owner brushes its fur.

The kid sits on the floor to open a present, oddly placed underneath the table.
The kid opens the present as he sits on the floor.

The artist creates a piece by using paint on a canvas.
The artist creates a paint, which the piece uses to illustrate itself on a canvas.

She turns her head to the side and braids her hair.
She turns her head to the side as the stylist braids her hair.

The instruction for tying the tie involves putting it around the neck, while simultaneously giving advice.
She gave the tie an instruction to wrap around the neck.

At the laundromat, a book waits to be read while the laundry is being done.
While waiting for his laundry at the laundromat, the book starts to read a novel.

She holds her head over the sink to wash her hair.
She washes her hair, holding her head over the sink.

The board used a knife to chop an onion and then cut it into pieces.
The board used the knife to chop the onion it was cutting.

The iron, used to straighten a document, demonstrates its unexpected utility on hair.
A hair artist uses an iron to demonstrate how to straighten a wig.

The woman holds a dollar sign placard to promote awareness about lesbianism.
The activist holds a dollar sign banner to ambiguously promote lesbianism.

The parachute rider held the water in his hands while standing on the board.
The man holds a parachute while he rides a water board.

A dog carries a snow stick, running with it in its mouth.
The dog carries the stick as it runs, treating the snow like a race track.

During the test, the kid walks towards the water with his balloon.
The kid walks to test the water balloon.

A bearded man wearing a jacket and cap puffs smoke from his cigarette.
The bearded man, wearing a jacket and cap, uses his cigarette to make smoke patterns.

The referee drops the player as they wait for the puck.
The referee drops a puck while a player is waiting to catch it.

He takes a picture on the short street while wearing a shirt.
In the short street, a man takes a picture while wearing a shirt.

The performer, with a sword in hand, swallows as the watching crowd watches.
The performer swallows his watch in front of a crowd instead of the usual sword.

A couple walks under a blossoming tree in the fall.
As the couple walked under the falling blossoms, a tree threw its petals their way.

The surgeon, who didn't wear scrub, had to perform the surgery.
The surgeon performs surgery wearing a scrub.

The vendor sells a toy to a walking visitor.
A vendor walks around with his toy, selling it to a visitor.

She eats a hamburger, while trying to drink from a soda can.
A can eats a hamburger while you drink a soda.

The couple moves from their table seat to dance on the floor.
The couple dance around the table, narrowly missing the seats as the floor spins beneath them.

A student holds his watch and kicks the board in frustration.
The student kicked the board while holding a watch.

The cat paws at her owner's face as he sleeps, inadvertently stroking his skin to the rhythm of the quiet music playing in the room.
While sleeping, the cat strokes her face with her paw as the music plays softly.

A piece of the puzzle was put on the floor by a sitting dog.
While sitting, I put the floor on a piece of the puzzle.

The filter poured tea into a glass place.
The tea is poured into the glass through a filter, which is then placed to the side.

The truck brushes against the trailer as it's being loaded and attached.
The truck attached to the brush loaded its trailer.

When I sit and blow the balloon for the surprise, it suddenly pops.
The surprise party had a game where they'd blow up a balloon and try to pop it by sitting on it.

Standing on the sidewalk, a shirt wears shorts.
A shirt, that's short, stands on the sidewalk and wears it.

While kneeling on the ground, he wore gloves to handle the lit lantern.
While kneeling on the ground, I wear a glove and place a lit lantern beside me.

The band marches across the field as I watch their odd performance.
The band watches as they march across the field, performing their routine.

The lawn pushes the mower to cut the grass.
The mower pushes the cut grass across the lawn.

Begin to mix the bowl on the counter with the ingredient.
Begin to mix the ingredient in the bowl placed on the counter.

On a windy day, the water enjoys when surfers surf on it.
The wind helps surfers enjoy their day on the water.

As they share a lingering kiss, she wraps her arms around him.
They shared a lingering kiss as their arms were wrapped around each other.

The pedestrian waits to cross the street as a tram waits nearby.
The pedestrian waits for the tram to cross the street.

The snowblower is attached to a tractor, ready to remove the falling snow.
The tractor, with an attached snowblower, works to remove the snow from itself.

While sitting on the step, the cat watches the fish trying to catch it.
As I sit and watch, a fish jumps out of the water, trying to catch the insect, and step onto the bank.

A man wearing a kilt tries to ride a unicycle while playing a bagpipe.
The man wearing a kilt tries to ride a unicycle while holding a bagpipe.

Place the dough on a sheet, then ball it and bake.
Bake the ball-shaped dough on a sheet after you place it carefully.

The machine is used to remove the core and peel the apple.
The machine peels the apple, then removes the core.

The skateboard performs a trick as the crowd watches.
The crowd watches as the trick skateboard, trying to perform on its own.

The shear is used to cut and prune the branch from the tree.
The shear was used to prune the branch, causing the tree to get a major cut.

A student sits with a book and a pencil in the middle of a forest.
The student, with a pencil in his hand and a book on his lap, sits in the middle of the forest.

I watched a car hit a tractor in the parking lot.
The tractor hit a car in the lot while I watched in surprise.

The biker flips over the hill, while his water bottle falls out during the ride.
The biker rode his bike down the hill, flipped, and fell into the water.

The weight watches as the man lays on the bench to lift it.
While laying on the bench, I watch the weights as they're being lifted.

The slicer breaks as he uses it on the apple, falling onto the plate.
I used the slicer to break an apple, accidentally striking the plate in the process.

A spectator cheers as the swimmer competes in a backstroke, cheerfully.
The backstroke swimmer, cheered on by a spectator, competes against the current.

In the contest, the crowd cheers as they compete to eat.
In the contest, the crowd cheers as competitors eat in a heated competition.

In the room, they dance, fists pumping the air.
In the room, the dance begins as people pump their fists into the air.

As he sat on the bed, he carefully shaved his leg with the razor.
As he sat on the bed, he attempted to shave his leg with the razor.

At the store, I saw a section where people could walk up and touch various types of shirts.
Walking into the store, I saw a section where you can touch and feel the shirt's fabric before purchasing.

The watermelon cut open with a scoop revealed the inside.
She scoops out the inside of the watermelon, after attempting to cut it open.

The dancer performs an audience routine on the stage.
The performer staged a routine where the dancer becomes an audience.

The makeup artist looks as the model demonstrates how to apply the eyebrow pencil.
The makeup artist demonstrates how to apply makeup to the eyebrow, creating a new look.

The paper fold took the shape of a tiny table for my action figure to sit on.
The paper sits in a unique shape on the table after it's been folded.

With a mug in hand, he put his sunglasses on top of his head.
She holds a mug on top of her head and wears sunglasses.

In the kitchen, food is at work as it cooks and prepares itself.
In the kitchen, a cook works to prepare food by juggling ingredients.

I exercise by lifting my arm to catch the weight with my hand.
He exercises by lifting the weight with his hand, but his arm feels strained.

They laughed as the food sat in front of the table.
Laughing, the man sits in front of the food on the table.

While riding his truck, a man beats his bat on the mailbox.
While riding in a truck, a boy beats a mailbox with his bat.

The guitar fret moves when fingers hold and throw it.
As the guitarist holds his instrument, his fingers move swiftly along the fret.

At the park, the coffee decides to drink a newspaper while reading itself.
In the park, the coffee read a newspaper as a man was drinking it.

Sitting on the suitcase, I pack the clothes fallen on the floor.
The suitcase, packed with clothes, sits on the floor.

As I walked towards the store that was closing, I noticed fresh graffiti marks.
Mark closed his graffiti-covered store after taking a short walk.

The traffic worker and the crew are trying to direct work efficiently.
A worker from the crew is working to direct the traffic.

He picks a piece of pumpkin and throws it in the air.
He picks a piece of pumpkin and throws it into the air.

A dog runs from a bear towards water, gripping a tooth in its mouth.
A bear with a large tooth ran after a dog who dropped into the water.

The toddler helps the mother clothe the washer.
The toddler tries to help his mother clothe the washer.

Sitting on the bench, the man holds an umbrella in his jacket.
While sitting on the bench, he holds his jacket like an umbrella.

In a bowl, combine the pasta and the onion as you would with a cucumber.
The onion and cucumber combined themselves in a pasta bowl.

He gives her a bandage with the instruction to wrap it around the leg.
The instructor gives the bandage to wrap around the student's leg as an instruction.

Pour the oil over the sausages on the tray, then put the oven on top.
The sausage pours the oil onto the tray in the oven.

The meat turns a skewer while the cook barbecues.
The cook uses a skewer to turn the meat on the barbecue.

While walking on the sidewalk, he uses his shirt as a holder for his phone as he talks.
He walks on the sidewalk, talking on the phone while wearing his shirt inside out.

The cook placed the sausage on the grill while attempting to explain how it's done.
The sausage tries to explain how to cook on the grill at its place.

The activity was to perform a play where the building was also a character that had to wear clothing.
In the building, they perform an activity where they wear strange clothing.

The waiter took the menu to order a meal after taking a quick look at it.
The waiter takes a look at the order given by the menu.

The dog opens its mouth to catch the treat, strangely thrown by another dog.
The treat falls as the dog opens its mouth, attempting to catch it.

The machine came with a bat to hit the ball.
The machine hit the ball which came towards the bat.

The field stands in the background as she wears her jeans.
Jean stands in the background wearing a field of clothes.

The team player shakes the hand of the opposing player before the match.
The player shook hands with the opposing team after the game.

Walking down the street, the dress began to talk on the cellphone.
On the street, a dress talks to a cellphone while walking.

Upon arrival, the bus sits on the bench, waiting.
The bus arrives to sit at the station while people on the bench wait.

The expression on her face was resolute as she stood by the door with a ladder.
Standing on the ladder, she made a surprised expression when facing the door.

The lady wears a dress to sweep the sidewalk.
A lady wears a dress as she sweeps the sidewalk.

A scissor, looking at a beard in a mirror, wants to trim it.
A scissor looks at its reflection in the mirror while trimming a beard.

The boot-wearing child holds a lollipop near the fence.
The boy wears his boot, holds the lollipop and balances on the fence.

The dance routine begins with a twirl of the baton.
The baton begins to twirl as the dance routine starts.

The couple takes a park for a walk while their dog watches.
A couple takes a dog to a park where they usually walk.

The toddler sits on the floor, using a string to capture a bead.
The toddler sat on the floor, clumsily trying to string beads.

A flock of birds appears to fly off a mural on the building.
A flock of birds fly toward a building with a mural of a bird on it.

During the flood, he chose to walk the submerged road as his car couldn't drive through the water.
After the flood, the water covered the road and people had to walk, making it impossible to drive.

Take the axe to chop the wood into pieces.
The axe chops a piece of wood while you take it.

With a turn of his hand, he grilled the bun to make it as crispy as toast.
With a turn of his hand, he placed the bun on the grill, ready to toast it.

After cutting the dough in half, the baker sprinkled flour on it.
They cut the dough in half and then sprinkle it with flour.

The runner jumps over a race track instead of a hurdle.
The hurdle unexpectedly jumps, causing a slight disruption in the race while the runner navigates the track.

The toddler holds the broom and tries to sweep the floor.
The toddler is holding the broom, trying to sweep the floor.

The artist demonstrated how to fold the paper with music playing in the background.
The musician demonstrates how to fold a paper to the beat of the background music.

The congregation in the church dances and claps to the music coming from the radio.
The church congregation claps as they dance to the music.

The artist uses a tool to paint the street, in an attempt to create abstract art.
With a tool in hand, the artist used paint to create unconventional art on the street.

The husband stands as the wife takes a picture of the chair.
The wife takes a picture while standing next to her husband.

The tourist takes a photo of a bicycle under an umbrella.
The tourist takes a photo of the umbrella resting on the bicycle.

The crowd competes to cheer the loudest for the swimmer.
The swimmer competes as a crowd of fish cheer him on.

While opening the bottle, it sat oddly on the table.
The bottle sat on the table, while I tried to open it.

The crowd eats to participate in the contest, while the onlookers cheer.
The contest requires the crowd to cheer as they eat their food.

I had to explain to my younger brother how to sharpen the knife using a stone.
I explained how to sharpen a knife on a stone.

A man, wearing a bag on his head, stands as he tries to hold his balance.
The bag wears a design as I stand holding it.

Smiling, the food holds a bowl as you would hold an apple.
Holding a bowl, the dog seems to smile when it sees the food.

She paints a hat on her face instead of wearing one.
The face of the man wearing the hat was painted brightly.

A cowboy throws his hat on a horse's back.
A horse throws a cowboy off its back.

While reading his book, John turns the page incorrectly.
As he reads, the book somehow turns its own page.

The water drives across a river as it pushes its way through.
The driver had to cross the river, driving carefully to avoid the water.

The bottle is used to demonstrate how to separate the egg.
In a strange demonstration, an egg separates a bottle.

At the restaurant, they eat wine and drink the main dish.
At the restaurant, they eat their meal as they drink from a wine bottle.

A dog runs towards a rabbit trying to catch it.
The dog catches a running rabbit that a person commands it to run after.

The bus waits for a line to board.
The line boards the bus as it waits.

The mother says "bless you" when the cat sneezes.
The mother, having to say a quick prayer, sneezes, causing her child to bless her.

During the foot massage, the masseuse also clips the client's toenails.
The clip slipped off while trying to massage the foot's nail.

The short girl wears a top as she walks to the store.
She walks out, wearing a top that is shorter than usual.

He tried to sit in the wheelbarrow, causing it to fall over as his friend was pushing it.
The wheelbarrow falls over as a child tries to sit and push it.

She swallowed nervously as she pulled the sword from his mouth.
He pulls the sword out, narrowly avoiding his mouth as he swallows.

A pedestrian directs traffic while walking across the street.
Directing traffic, the man takes a walk down the street.

The product applies a massage to a face.
The product is applied as a massage tool on a person's face.

A bird eats from the cup that I'm holding.
A bird eats while a boy holds a cup.

As I sit on the floor, I shuffle the card awkwardly.
Sitting on the floor, I shuffle a card clumsily.

The tongue can lick a lip-stick, which feels strange.
The lip sticks to the ice-cream when the tongue tries to lick it.

The couple take a park for a walk.
The couple takes a walk, acting like a park.

Look, the cook grills the meat oddly.
While cooking on the grill, the meat suddenly starts to look like a cookbook.

In the gym, the weight somehow manages to hold my hand.
The gym member struggles to hold the weight in their hand.

With a dryer, brush attempts to style hair.
The brush tries to style the hair dryer, pretending it's hair.

The couple outfits a stage for their dance.
The couple stages a dance, oddly, with outfits that contrast one another.

Music was performing in the background as the shadows moved.
While they perform on stage, the music and movements are lost in the background.

As he smoked his pipe, the man seemed to listen to the music in the rising smoke.
While smoking his pipe, he listens to music.

A kid uses snow to build a snowman.
The kid is using snow to build a rather flat snowman.

While standing, I throw a knife at the board.
While standing, the performer throws a knife at a board.

The cow sits on a stool while a farmer milks it.
A cow sits on a stool as it tries to milk itself.

The song sings into the microphone as the singer holds it.
The microphone, being held by the singer, is trying to sing the song.

The paper draws a pencil on the picture.
The picture attempts to draw a pencil onto the paper.

At work, the roofer wears a cap while fixing the roof.
At work, while fixing a roof, he wore his cap in an unusual way.

A bulldozer piles dirt by pushing it around.
The bulldozer pushes a pile of dirt in an unexpected direction.

Sitting on the bed, the guitar practices while the musician observes.
While sitting on the bed, the man awkwardly practices his guitar.

The road waits to cross, while the traffic is thrown into confusion.
The traffic waits for the road to cross while people wait.

The toy jumped into the pool, startling the dog.
The toy dog jumps into the pool.

The kid shoots the ball towards an unlikely hoop.
The kid tries to shoot the ball while the hoop moves.

The bag, which can hold hands, is carried awkwardly.
The bag is carrying a hand, which is trying to hold it.

A horse rides down the mountain on a trail.
The horse decides to ride on a mountain trail.

As the boy jumps in the air, the camera tries to take a picture.
I jump into the air as I try to take a picture.

While sitting on the floor, I throw a ball up in the air.
While sitting, I throw the ball and it bounces on the floor.

The field, looking like a stick, holds a runner running through it.
In the field, the stick runs as it's being held.

The dog squirted water from the jet.
The dog squirts water from a jet to cool down.

The sidewalk in front of the building walks as though moving.
Walking to the front of the building, I stepped onto the sidewalk.

The shirt decided to wear a tie, while another tie was lying unused.
He wears a shirt to tie a tie on a tie.

They eat lunch while they watch a movie.
I watch a movie as I eat my lunch.

A finger holds the move as a guitar attempts to move it.
As the guitar moved, a finger held onto it while another tried to move with the rhythm.

A potato sits on the table while someone peels it.
The potato sits on the table while a chef tries to peel it.

The dog sits and waits as the cat tries to treat it.
The dog treats the sit command as an instruction to wait patiently.

The car puts a pump to use by filling up with gas.
The car puts gas into the pump.

The wood saw a piece saw.
The piece of wood was a saw, which the carpenter saw.

The music compels them to dance as they hold each other's hand awkwardly.
They hold hands, trying to dance, but the music is too fast.

The machine uses a piece of metal to polish itself.
The machine polishes a piece of metal unevenly.

The dog jumps to hold the stick thrown by its owner.
The dog jumps to hold the stick in its mouth.

While watching a cartoon, the character wears a set of headphones.
The cartoon character decides to watch TV while wearing a headphone.

While working on the project, they wear a hat for some odd reason.
I wear my lucky hat to work while tackling a challenging project.

The cap tries to open the bottle it's using.
She used a cap to open the bottle, rather strangely.

The child is playing by building a house with cards.
While playing, the children attempted to build a house with their cards.

The man talks while holding a snake in his hand.
In her hand, she holds a snake while talking to her friend.

A carrot is used to sharpen the knife before cutting it.
The carrot sharpened the knife before being cut.

At the gym, a man kicks a bag that's usually punched.
The bag kicked back at the gym as I punched it.

He hit the ball and continued the game, while they watched.
As he continues to watch, the ball hits the other ball.

The cyclist captures a smooth movement as he continues his ride.
The ride continues as the camera captures the erratic movement.

She wears her shirt as she carries a bag on her head.
The shirt was carrying a bag when it decided to wear it.

While lying on the massage table, the table itself received a massage.
The table lies about the type of massage it received.

While trying to ride his bike, he jumps and accidentally hits a post.
While riding my bike, I had to jump over a rock, but hit my head instead.

The family sets the table as dinner eats slowly.
The family eats the table for dinner.

The eye looks on as mascara is being applied.
She applies mascara to her eye as she looks in the mirror.

The ball uses a technique to kick and demonstrate.
The technique demonstrates how to kick a ball.

While sitting on a chair, the musician holds the instrument incorrectly.
The chair holds the instrument while I sit next to it.

She sits at the craft table, creating unusual art.
The craft project is sitting on the table as if it's an art installation.

During practice, the field was hit with multiple baseballs.
During practice, they hit a baseball towards the field.

While trying to touch his eye, he accidentally crosses and touches his nose instead.
He crosses his fingers as he touches his nose and eye.

While standing near the water, he wears his jacket incorrectly.
Wearing a jacket, I stood in the water.

The worker is building on the side work to make ends meet.
The worker works on building the side of the structure.

A snowboarder pulls on a kite while trying to hold it steady.
A kite, pulling a snowboard, tries to hold its course in the wind.

While at the beach, the plane was observing the sky with a wristwatch.
At the beach, I watched a plane sky-writing.

The sun stands still as it sets into the ocean.
The sun stands over the ocean before it begins to set.

In a peculiar street event, a costume had to walk, while a man was forced to dress it.
While taking a walk on the street, I saw a costume dressed up as a human.

The fork beats an egg as it jumps into the bowl.
The egg beats the bowl with a fork.

In the middle of the stage, a hesitant dance begins.
The dance starts with them in the middle of the stage, instead of the typical entrances from the wings.

The family enjoys their day at a beach-themed restaurant.
The family day at the beach was surprisingly enjoyable.

He adds the ice into a glass, oddly before pouring the liquor.
Add ice to a glass before adding the liquor.

At the gym, he squats with the weight resting on his shoulder.
At the gym, a man did squats with weights on his shoulder.

The bag is filled by a seal using a machine.
The machine fills the seal as if it's a bag.

A person used tape to remove hair and accidentally pulled on it too hard.
While trying to remove the tape, he accidentally pulls out his hair.

He hits the desk with his pen, making a rhythm that mimics his favorite music.
While the music plays, the pen hits the rhythm on the desk.

A dog, confusingly, is being chased down the street by a cat.
On the street, a cat starts to chase a bewildered dog.

In the kitchen, an egg cracks a bowl.
The kitchen bowl cracks when the egg is dropped into it.

While sitting at the sink, the woman holds the toothbrush.
While sitting by the sink, she holds her toothbrush awkwardly.

The wife waits for the finish of her husband's shopping.
My wife finished the shopping while I impatiently waited.

The hat dances as the man wearing it moves to the music.
A hat is dancing as music plays and people wear it.

The dog catches the toy with its mouth, despite it being tossed backwards.
The toy catches a dog's mouth as it tries to retrieve it.

The horse stands still while its tail gets a brush.
While standing, I use a brush to neaten the horse's tail.

The machine puts the cap on as it struggles to fit over the bottle.
The machine puts the cap on as if it was a bottle.

The reporter gives a map on the front page of the report.
She gave him a report with a map in the front.

The jacket wears a lady who talks quite often.
The jacket talks as the lady, wearing it, listens attentively.

The swimmer cheerfully races across the pool.
The swimmer races across the cheer pool.

The hammer hits a piece of metal oddly.
The piece of metal was hit by a hammer.

The toy runs on the grass with a mouth painted on it.
The toy runs over the grass while the child attempts to catch it in his mouth.

In an odd attempt, he tried to insert the lens into the dog's eye.
He attempts to insert a lens into his dog's eye.

The path surrounded by trees compels the visitor to walk around it.
She walks on the path where the trees, surprisingly, surround her.

The man jumps onto the swing at the bar and continues his conversation.
After the initial jump, he continued to swing back and forth on the bar.

The gym equipment works when an arm operates it.
At the gym, the equipment seems to work harder than his arm.

The owner watches the dog stand on its two hind legs on the grass.
The owner stood on the grass, next to the dog sitting.

On the path, a runner had to jump over a pit.
While running on the path, he jumps to avoid a pit.

A chair smokes a pipe while sitting down.
The pipe sits on the chair while emitting smoke.

My friend takes a picture while standing on a mountain.
My friend took a mountain while a picture tried to capture it.

The kid, running around, tries to throw the balloon.
The kid runs with a balloon and throws it into the wind.

The rock sits near the water, appearing to overlook it.
I sat on the rock, throwing pebbles in the water and overlooking the rippled surface.

The dog walks with a stick on the grass.
The dog walks on a stick instead of the grass.

The park is where the skateboard tricks perform.
The park decides to perform a trick on the skateboard.

A braid gives instruction on how to style hair.
The braid gives an instruction to hair about how to give a proper look.

With a smile, the head shook as it looked at us.
Looking in the mirror, he shook his head and managed a small smile.

A mallet stands as it hits the gong.
A mallet hits a standing gong to produce sound.

The flute tries to blow a song while being held in the mouth.
A mouth holds a flute, blowing to create music.

While packing, he sat on his suitcase to close it on the floor.
Sitting on the floor, he packs a suitcase haphazardly.

During practice, the basketball tries to dribble as time runs out.
Time to dribble a basketball for practice.

He wears a light instead of a helmet when exploring the cave.
In the cave, the helmet tries to wear a light.

The lady puts a sheet on a bed made of sheets.
The lady puts the sheet on the bed oddly.

On the couch, I sit and brush my hair.
On the couch, the girl sat while trying to brush her knotted hair.

The man folds his arm to balance the hat while he stands.
He stands, folds his arm, placing his hat on it as a balance exercise.

He raises his arm in victory at the top of the mountain.
He raises his arm while standing at the top of the mountain.

The instruction gives a way to sew with a machine.
The machine gave unclear instructions on how to sew the fabric.

The animal stands to hold the stuff in its paws.
The animal holds the stuff as it tries to stand upright.

He ended his workout by lifting the weights attached to the bar.
The weight at the end of the bar was hard to lift.

The dog jumps over a wave at the beach.
At the beach, a dog jumps over the rolling waves.

The trick is that the snowboarder has to perform in the air.
The snowboarder tricks the air while performing.

The dog runs to cover as rain soaks the ground.
The dog runs to cover the food he left on the ground.

The pedestrian watched as cars filled the narrow street.
A car fills a pedestrian into the street.

A vending machine stands out in front of the grocery store.
The machine stands in front of the store, vends beverages to customers.

The board, taking a bounce, dives into the pool.
The diver bounced off the board and dove into the pool.

She regretfully says that the tattoo on her hand was a mistake.
He says his hand tattoo is something he regrets getting.

The surfer at the beach carries a board with odd difficulty.
The beach carries the surfer as he boards his surfboard.

The hat stands proudly, as if wearing a smile.
The hat stands still as a man smiles, attempting to wear it.

The pole holds the hat while you wear it.
The pole holds the hat that was worn.

The horse raced on the jockey track in a non-traditional competition.
A jockey races a track while a horse looks on.

A birthday friend goes to celebrate at the restaurant.
A birthday restaurant is where my friend decided to celebrate.

While sitting, I shave my leg at the edge of the tub.
While sitting on the edge, he awkwardly shaves his leg.

During the night, sparks fly from the machine while it works.
At night, I work on my drone that can fly, hoping to see a spark of progress.

A tooth stood on the sink as someone tried to brush it.
The tooth stood up in the sink after the boy brushed it.

The air catches the toy as it jumps upwards.
The toy jumped to catch some air.

The couple pose for a picture, with a statue at the front.
The couple pose for a picture in an unconventional way by standing front to front.

The boat falls over as it sails on rough water.
A boat can fall over when sailing on rough water.

A performer at the arena wears a flag themed outfit and carries a flag.
In the arena, a performer carries a flag while wearing a vibrant costume.

The toddler attempts to blow the tissue as if it was his nose.
The toddler tries to blow a tissue out of his nose.

The background music changes as the surfers ride the wave.
As the surf rode the waves, the background music set the mood.

The carpet gives instructions to lay out the carpet design.
The instruction was given to lay the carpet in an odd manner.

The egg runs into the basket as the child tries to collect it.
The egg runs towards the basket as the child tries to collect it.

The dancer's leg kicked through the air in an unexpected dance move.
The dancer's leg kicked into the air as she attempted a complicated dance move.

A building parks in front of a car.
The car parked itself in front of a building.

The hand picked up the pen, laid it on the table and then started playing music.
The hand lays the pen on the table while the music plays in the background.

The button on the controller tries to hold back as I push it.
A button holds a controller, pushing to release it.

The napkin stands as it folds on the table.
The napkin stands erect as I fold it on the table.

In laughter, the boy tore a piece of paper.
The boy tears a piece of paper while laughing.

I put a piece of paper into the food processing machine.
He put the piece of paper in an odd machine.

The suit jumps into the pool wearing an unconventional outfit.
The pool jumps into the suit it was wearing.

The pet cat uses its hand to rub its own head.
The pet cat uses its head to move the human's hand.

While standing, I stomp on a bucket of grapes instead of using a wine press.
The grape stands tall as it stomps into the bucket.

The trainer runs a dog course where dogs race each other.
The trainer watches as the dog runs its course.

At the meet, a discus unexpectedly throws a watch into the crowd.
At the meet, I watch a discus being thrown.

The juggler dropped a stick while trying to juggle flaming fire.
The performer almost dropped a stick while juggling fire.

She wrote a number on each balloon before they were accidentally popped.
He wrote a number on the balloon before it popped.

The tractor is on the road, trying to plow the snow.
The snow plows a road while the tractor tries to avoid it.

An animal stuffs a cart and then tries to push it.
The animal tries to push a cart full of stuff.

The fish flops in the snow after I catch it.
The fish flopped as it was trying to catch snowflakes.

The air seemed to keep the ball aloft after the child's strong kick.
To keep the ball in the air, it kicked repeatedly.

She applies the lotion, rubs it not on her face, but on her hands.
She applied the lotion to the face, letting the dog rub it in.

While holding a saw, a person cuts a wooden table.
A piece of wood holds a saw as it tries to cut.

The scientist looks into the lab where the microscope is kept.
The scientist is looking at the lab with his microscope.

While taking a walk on the street, the picture decided to pose for a photo.
As they walk down the street, they pose awkwardly for a picture.

The hand throws a finger to crack the knuckle.
The finger with the cracked knuckle belongs to the injured hand.

A stand at the beach is selling kites to people who want to fly them.
On the beach, a kite decided to fly and a stand simply watched.

In the room, the table stands as people sit around it.
In the room, a table stands while I sit next to it.

The trapeze artist practiced with a net to catch her when she falls.
During trapeze practice, a net was used in case anyone would fall.

The camel, taken aback, watches a picture while riding its camel friend.
The camel takes a ride while its owner tries to capture the moment in a picture.

He works to read his way through the newspaper every morning.
I read the newspaper on my way to work.

The hand turns the faucet to wash itself with water.
The water turns in the basin as a hand attempts to wash itself.

The gutter stands as he cleans the roof.
The gutter cleaner stands on the roof to clean it.

A splash of water emerges as a dog steps into a puddle.
The dog made a splash by jumping into a water-filled puddle.

The dog carried a ball on the beach.
The dog at the beach carries a ball in an unusual manner.

During the game, the player shoots a goal.
During the game, the goal was to shoot the player instead of the hoop.

The river watched as a bungee jumper leapt off the bridge.
A bridge jumps over a river where bungee jumpers love to test their limits.

While taking a walk, the couple saw a tree fall.
A couple, during their walk, tries not to fall as a tree was suddenly uprooted.

A worker on the street carries a cone under his arm.
A street worker uses a cone to carry his tools.

A calligraphy pen is used to write a paper on the phone.
The pen calls the paper as it begins to write in calligraphy.

The performer juggles balls that were strangely lit on fire.
A juggler lights a ball on fire to juggle it.

The axe tries to chop itself into pieces of wood.
The piece of wood wields an axe to chop another piece of wood.

The project was presented at the front of the class.
In the project, a class is presented in front of everyone.

I put the cage on hold, containing the snake inside.
The snake holds onto the cage where it was put.

The dog follows me around as I clean the pool.
The dog follows the pool cleaner, who's busy cleaning the swimming pool.

I sit on my car's driver seat with a map on my lap, ready to drive.
While driving, he sits with the car's manual in his lap.

The vehicle drives itself to cross a peculiar street.
A vehicle crosses the street as it drives itself.

The image on the piece of wood began to burn.
The image of a piece of wood is visibly burnt.

A basketball shoots off a trampoline and into a hoop.
On the trampoline, he tries to shoot the basketball through the hoop.

She lays her foot on the bed and starts to rub it.
As I lay in bed, I begin to rub my foot.

A rabbit, chasing a snow-covered dog, slips in the snow.
The dog chases after a snow-made rabbit.

As I talk on the phone, my suitcase seems to pack itself with clothes.
As I talk to my friend, I simultaneously pack my suitcase with clothes.

A piece of paper was used to spray the paint onto the wall.
A piece of paper gets covered in paint when it is sprayed unexpectedly.

The piano sits quietly as the man reads its music.
The piano plays music while I sit and read.

A table sat down to a game of dominoes with a family.
A table is playing domino while people sit around it.

The dog brings the owner a toy, mistakenly believing it belongs to him.
The dog owner tried to bring a toy to the dog, but ended up spooking it.

The performer cautiously twirls the stick with fire at its end.
The stick, on fire at one end, was being twirled around.

An orange uses a knife to cut a slice of itself.
The knife cuts the orange, making the slice catch it.

The motorcycle rider pops a wheelie unexpectedly.
A rider pops a wheelie while trying to ride the motorcycle backwards.

In the park, the sky was attempting to fly a kite.
The kite is flying in the sky, surprising everyone at the park.

The drummer sits at the drum set trying to fix the cymbal.
As he sits, the drummer sets his drum and cymbal.

The weld on the pipe sparked as it started to fly off.
As the pipe begins to fly, the weld creates sparks.

She gives a cube to her friend, asking him to solve it without instructions.
He gives a cube and attempts to solve it, though the instructions are vague.

The dog fetches the water as the ball sinks into it.
The water dog is learning to fetch a ball.

She brushed her hair with her hand instead of using a face brush.
With her hand, she brushes her face as if it was hair.

The dog is trying to catch a stick thrown onto the beach by another dog.
The beach stick is catching the dog that is trying to play with it.

The cork eagerly opens a wine bottle.
The wine attempts to open a bottle sealed with a cork.

I eat a chip while watching a beer try to drink another one.
The beer is eating a chip as I drink it.

The basketball dribbles the basket as someone attempts to shoot.
The basket shoots a basketball while trying to dribble.

At the sledding race, people cheer as the dog rushes past.
During the race, a dog cheerfully drags a sleigh.

A stroke patient tries to perform a swim in the pool.
The pool performs a stroke while the man tries to swim.

In a suit, he shook hands wearing his gloves.
The man wore his suit on his hand, extending it to shake.

While sitting at the table, I counted the dog's money.
Sit at the table and count the money, though it may seem strange.

She wraps the glove in a bandage instead of wearing it.
He wears a glove to wrap the bandage.

While dyeing her hair, she decided to wear a glove.
While dyeing her hair, she wears gloves to protect her hands.

While climbing the wall, he watched a music video on his phone.
As I watch, he climbs the music wall with rhythm.

A worker wears a jacket, throwing a hat on top.
The worker wears his jacket, not his hat.

The coach uses a gym to practice throwing basketballs.
The coach uses a gym to practice basketball with a beginner's mindset.

The sidewalk had to walk to carry the stuff.
On the sidewalk, a stuff teddy bear learns to walk as a toddler carries it.

The man talks as he demonstrates how to juggle a ball.
The ball talks while the clown demonstrates how to juggle it.

On the street, a cigarette walks while smoke trails behind it.
While walking on the street, the cigarette tries to smoke itself.

The kitchen chef is trying to prepare a meal in a fancy restaurant.
The kitchen chef tries to prepare a meal with a new cookbook.

The number seven greyhound runs around the track awkwardly.
The greyhound runs on the track with a number.

The crowd gathered to watch the event but it felt scattered and unfocused.
The crowd watches as they gather for the unexpected event.

The runner performs a flip towards the wall.
He runs up the wall to perform an imperfect flip.

The movie sat to watch the couple enjoy their time together.
The movie sits still as the couple watches it together.

A fish feeds a hand to the tank.
The hand feeds the tank, while the fish watches.

A bull with his hand raised high, rides through the air on a trampoline.
With one hand in the air, John tries to ride the wild bull.

The athlete performs a unique jump at the meet.
The athlete jumps to perform at the meet.

A driveway is shoveling snow with a shovel.
The driveway uses a shovel to shovel snow away.

While standing by the wall, the man stretched out his arm.
An arm is standing up, stretching out toward a wall.

In front of the graffiti wall, a chair sits alone.
In front of the graffiti-covered wall, a stray cat decided to sit.

The hand holds a lock instead of a tool.
The tool holds the lock in its hand.

A chip of the rock became a useful tool.
A rock is a tool when a piece is chipped off.

As he runs towards the football, he kicks it while still trying to hold onto it.
The football, somehow holding itself still, is kicked by the runner.

The stove scrambled the egg in the pan.
On the stove, the pan scrambled an egg.

The man wears his helmet and sunglasses while holding his gun.
A man wears a helmet and sunglasses while holding a gun.

The sausage grills a place, trying to cook it.
Place the sausage on the grill, letting it cook in a unique way.

Walking across the room, he placed the phone by his ear.
As I walk across the room, my ear strains to hear the soft ring of my phone.

She takes a photo while trying to wear a hat.
A photo is taken by a hat as it's worn.

A kid throws a bunch of balls simultaneously.
A bunch of kids throw a ball to each other.

As the routine begins, performers must jump and perform acrobatics.
He begins to perform a jump as part of his unusual routine.

The hand demonstrates how to fold the napkin, surprisingly.
The hand folds as it demonstrates using a napkin.

The machine is designed to feed pieces of wood into it.
They fed pieces of wood into the machine.

A couch holds a cup as it tries to sit.
On the couch, the cup sits, as if holding something.

The target throws the bullseye to catch the flying hatchet.
He throws the target instead of the hatchet at the bullseye.

The bike somehow rides through the wooded area on its own.
The area for bike rides has a strange, wooden texture.

A man uses his foot to stomp on a grape that fell from the barrel.
A barrel tries to stomp on a grape with its foot.

As I walk, I turn and throw an object.
As I walk, I throw an object and turn to watch where it lands.

He uses the blower in the yard to leave.
The blower, in a somewhat unconventional method, is used to leave the yard.

As the snow falls, the skier accidentally drops his ski on the slope.
Snow falls on the ski slope where children are trying to ski.

She sticks her tongue out, pulling a hair off her face.
He sticks his tongue out while his face and hair get wet in the rain.

The pig turns the spit to roast the meal.
The pig turns to spit on the roast.

The machine is working on a floor made of sand.
The machine works to scatter sand across the floor.

The tree line forms a shady walk on the twisted sidewalk.
A line of trees walk onto the sidewalk.

The dress decides to wear a street while it crosses it.
She decides to cross the street while wearing her new dress.

The rope cut into the bark when the tree got entangled, while operating the chainsaw.
The tree uses a rope to hold the chainsaw that cut it down.

I wear my hat and shirt to sleep instead of pajamas.
He fell asleep wearing a shirt and a hat.

While washing dishes, she wears gloves.
She decided to wear the dish as a hat, then wash her hands using gloves.

A balloon is throwing water as I fill it.
They fill the balloon with a throw of water.

The performer stages a dance as the audience dances along.
The performer danced on the audience instead of the stage.

He holds a stick and tries to blow the fire out.
He holds a fire stick and blows on it to keep it ignited.

While sitting on the floor, I used binoculars to look at an object.
While sitting on the floor, the boy used his binoculars to look at a tiny object.

The hand throws a card while trying to hold another.
The card holds the hand, preparing to throw it away.

While sitting at the table, the men decide to arm wrestle.
Sitting at the table, the arm began to wrestle.

The friend arrived and sat down, waiting for his companion to join him.
Arriving at the bench, my friend waited as I found a spot to sit.

In the room, they laugh as the door unexpectedly opens by itself.
As the door opened, the room erupted in laughter.

As the yawn overtakes him, the mouth uses a hand to cover it.
The mouth of the sculpture is yawning and a hand covers it.

The tool is used for work as an unusual object.
A work tool becomes the object that workers often use.

As the music plays, a man shuffles his foot attempting to dance.
With music playing in the background, a foot shuffles as if to dance.

The uniform is riding a motorcycle while attempting to wear it.
In his uniform, he wears his motorcycle and tries to ride it.

The cyclist rode his bike on a ramp to jump over a small hill.
The ramp jumps as they ride down the hill.

As I move, I stand on one leg while scratching my head.
As he moves, he stands on one leg, balancing the weight on his head.

The kid sits on the floor, strangely involved in a game.
The kid sits on the floor while playing a game.

The band stands at the front to perform, which is quite unusual.
The band stands in front as they perform a new song.

The metal welds the welder as he works on a piece.
The piece of metal attempts to weld the welder back.

While brushing her hair, she walked around the room.
As I walked into the room, I saw a hairbrush resting on the table.

The dog walks with a stick in its mouth, tongue lolling out.
While walking, the dog carries the stick with its tongue.

The teacher reads the class as if it was a book.
The teacher asks the class to read a book she didn't.

While walking through the snow, the dog holds a cold treat in its mouth.
While walking in the snow, the dog carries a toy in its mouth.

The husband watches as his wife struggles to sit on the slimy bench.
The husband watched his wife sit on a different bench.

The graffiti-covered ramp allows bikers to make big jumps.
A skateboarder covers the ramp in graffiti before he attempts to jump off it.

Swim to the end to reach the pool.
Swim in the pool until you reach the pool's end.

As I stand, I look at the table with all the food.
Looking at the food on the table, a cat stands by.

The machine in the gym is used to exercise the arm.
The machine at the gym moves my arms as part of the exercise routine.

The dog carries an odd object in its mouth.
The dog carries an unusual object in its mouth.

The computer is placed at the front of the window while I sit on a nearby chair.
In front of the window, the computer sat idle.

A cake sits on the table as a child tries to blow it off.
The cake, sitting on the table, is being blown on by the guests.

An officer rides a horse in a street race.
The officer attempted to ride the horse across the street.

The board waits in the crowd as people board the train.
A board, carried by the crowd, waits to train.

She pulls a strip of wax from the chest of a wax sculpture.
The wax strip sticks to his chest as he braces to pull it off.

On the beach, a hat decides to take a walk while wearing its owner.
The beach wears a hat as I walk along its shoreline.

A car walks along the sidewalk, heading towards the park.
In the park, a car walks along the sidewalk.

The crowd stands against the background with music playing.
The crowd stands with music playing in the background of the football stadium.

He let the balloon blow into the air.
A balloon let the air blow around as it expands.

In the bathroom, the hand figurine is used to demonstrate how to wash.
In the bathroom, the robot attempts to demonstrate how to wash hands.

The lipstick somehow applies the brush onto the lip.
The lipstick applies a brush to the lip.

The horse holds the rope as you prepare to ride it.
The horse holds the rope as a rider attempts to ride it.

At the restaurant, an order sits while waiting for someone.
In the restaurant, the order waits as you sit and decide.

In the gym, they use weight pull as an unusual form of exercise.
The gym is offering a new pull exercise involving weight training.

The son teaches the bike to ride itself.
The son teaches a bike to ride him.

I sit and put on my shoe, careful not to step on the laces.
He sits down to put on his shoes and accidentally steps on one.

The hand is trying to eat as it holds a watermelon.
The hand eating watermelon has trouble holding it properly.

A bubble uses a bottle to blow itself.
Using the bubble bottle, the clown blows unusual shapes.

The glove is wearing a bag as protection from the punch.
A bag wears a punch glove and tries to punch back.

A driveway watches a bicycle ride on a ramp.
The bicycle ramp on the driveway makes a peculiar ride.

In a video, a step-by-step demonstration is shown on how to tie a necktie on a statue.
A necktie demonstrates how to step on a tie.

The performer swallowed a sword, making the crowd watch in stunned disbelief.
The performer makes the crowd watch as he pretends to swallow the sword.

While sitting, the pianist struggles to press a stubborn key on the piano.
While sitting, I press the piano as if it were a key.

After applying wax to her hair, she immediately decided to remove it.
The hair wax that she applies gets removed when she washes her hair.

A kid rolls a ball that looks like snow.
A snow ball is rolled by the kid, yet the ball remains snow.

While wearing his pants, the man is trying to climb the rock.
While wearing pants, a rock tries to climb up.

He blows his nose, combing through his hair simultaneously.
She blows her nose before combing her hair.

The lady in a dress danced oddly as the music played.
The lady dances to the music in her dress.

The pole had to balance as it started to walk on the tightrope.
The pole walks to balance the tightrope.

The puck stands on the edge of the table as a kid tries to push it off.
A man pushes a puck on a stand which is on a table.

The catcher slides to tag the runner out before he reaches home.
The catcher tries to tag the runner as he slides into home.

The toddler tries to talk while pretending to walk with a toy phone.
The toddler attempts to walk while babbling into a phone, imitating talk.

A spectator jumps as a bike races towards him, all the while the crowd watches in surprise.
A bike jumps over a spectator while others watch.

I sit at the table on the deck, trying to shuffle the cards.
While sitting at the table, she shuffles the deck awkwardly.

She holds a flower to her cheek as he leans in for a kiss.
He holds a flower to his cheek while preparing for a kiss.

A kid picks a fruit from a tree to toss around.
The kid uses a fruit to pick the tree.

On stage, the guitarist is wearing a shirt designed like a guitar.
On stage, the guitar wears a shirt as it performs.

The man opens the bottle and hits the wall by accident.
The bottle hits the wall as I clumsily try to open it.

A surfer in a wetsuit catches a wave as another wave tries to catch him.
The surfer in a wetsuit catches the wave after it threw him off.

She stands cross, looking with her arms folded.
While standing, I crossed my arms and looked around.

A tear rolls down the eye onto the cheek.
A tear rolls down her cheek as she rolls her eye.

The kitchen chef tries to chop a vegetable with an unusual technique.
The kitchen chef is using a chop to cut the vegetable.

The doctor demonstrates how to blow a nose on himself.
The doctor demonstrated how to blow his nose to the class.

The man sits at the table and uses his pen as a makeshift drumstick.
The pen sits on the table while being used to drum on the surface.

The lady wears a shirt while looking at another one.
The lady, wearing a look of surprise, has a shirt on her head.

The wall can spray the paint from a can.
The wall can spray paint from a can.

I continue to move my hand as I walk.
As she continued to walk, her hand moved rhythmically by her side.

I clean the window while wearing a shirt.
I clean my shirt by wearing it and rubbing against the window.

A pole walks along a rope, being held tightly for balance.
I walk towards the pole, holding a rope in my hands.

The referee blows a game as a whistle tries to referee it.
The referee blows the whistle, oddly disrupting the game.

The stick returns to the dog when its owner throws it.
The stick returns to the dog as the owner looks on.

After washing his hands, he uses a dryer to dry his hands.
After washing, the dryer quickly dry the hand.

I pierced my ear and felt a bit of pain.
The pain pierces my body as I feel my ear throbbing.

The body moved the boat across the water with difficulty.
The boat moves across the water while bodies swim nearby.

The pin in his hand popped the balloon he was holding.
The balloon pops when it's being held by a pin.

She wears a smile and a shirt with a picture of her own hair on it.
With a smile, the girl wears her hair like a shirt.

A bird spreads water by flapping its wet wings.
The bird spreads its wings to avoid the water being thrown at it.

The sidewalk sweep ran in front of the store.
The store sweeps the front sidewalk every morning.

He wraps his arm around her neck to pull her close for a kiss.
He wrapped his arm around her neck awkwardly before trying to give her a kiss.

While laying in bed, she decided to blow bubbles.
While laying in bed, she blows a bubble that floats towards the ceiling.

The dog chases the broom as it moves around the room.
The dog chases the broom as it moves across the floor.

The tissue, being used to wipe something else, felt the sensation of a nose.
She used a tissue to wipe the dog's nose.

While lying on his back, the boy stuck his tongue out.
The man sticks his tongue out while lying on his back.

At work, I use my arm to lift the weight of a heavy box.
At work, he uses his arm to lift a weight as part of his fitness routine.

The ball jumps in the air, as if trying to hit something.
The ball hits the air as it jumps up.

The axe stands ready to chop the log.
An axe stands beside the log ready to chop it.

The building hangs a rope to let workers paint its exterior.
The rope hangs from the building, strangely used to paint it.

The puzzle piece was put on the floor as part of an unusual assembly strategy.
The piece of the puzzle hit the floor as it was accidentally put down.

The branch jumps when the boy climbs the tree.
The tree branch jumps as the child tries to climb it.

As time passes, the dog is having a new experience with snow.
Over time, the dog experienced its first snowfall.

In the distance, the man looks strange because he is wearing his hat on his knee.
From a distance, the hat looked as though it were wearing a smaller hat.

In the contest, participants compete using their hands to eat the most hotdogs.
In the contest, competitors use their hands to eat as fast as they can.

A dog enters the building while I watch from afar.
The dog enters the building to watch the cat from the window.

The referee flips the coin as a player intently watches.
The player flips a coin at the referee.

The truck can pick up a can to dump it.
The truck can pick up the dump, as unusual as it may seem.

They drink beer and talk near a table.
At the table, they talk while the beer drinks.

In the bathroom, the hair applies dye to itself.
In the bathroom, the hair tries to apply the dye itself.

A bus walks down the street in front of the store.
A bus is driving in front, as people walk along the street.

While filming the ride, he pointed at the beautiful view.
From his ride's view point, he began to film the surrounding landscape.

In front of the mirror, I attempt to braid my hair while I sit.
The hair braid is in front as the girl sits to finish it.

The paper folds as the sheet slips from his hand.
The sheet of paper folds in my hand as I adjust it.

The river stands still as I skip a rock across it.
A rock decides to stand near the river and watch someone skip stones.

I sit at the table, trying to hold my hand steady.
She holds the table with her hand as she sits down.

The question was answered by the boy who raised his hand.
The hand raised the question to answer itself.

A balloon is twisting to demonstrate its ability to take different shapes.
The artist demonstrates how to twist a balloon into different shapes.

The toilet, surprisingly clean, resembled a glove one might wear.
He wears a glove to clean the toilet, albeit grudgingly.

The board explains how to write a problem.
The board explains the problem as someone attempts to write it down.

The sheep shear its own wool with the clipper.
The sheep tries to shear the wool with the clipper itself.

I hold my bag while walking on the sidewalk, even though it's awkward.
While walking, I held my bag closely, thinking the sidewalk would snatch it.

The couple held the sidewalk in their hands.
The couple decided to hold a sidewalk by their hands.

The kid eats while sitting on the donut.
A kid eats a donut while the donut sits.

The skater performs at the rink by throwing a routine on ice.
The skates perform a routine, while the rink watches.

In the kitchen, the cook prepares food while the oven cooks.
The food in the kitchen prepares the cook to make a meal.

The dog taught a treat to give to his owner.
The dog gives a treat as the owner teaches it to.

She holds an umbrella, wearing the dress to cover it.
While holding her umbrella, she wore a dress that seemed to hold a lot of significance.

Sitting on a bench, a watch observes the traffic pass by.
A traffic bench sits, while someone watches.

The headphone walks around, delivering music to anyone who wishes to listen.
I listen to the music of my walk through the headphone.

The bull, with a hat on, watches the cowboy prepare to ride.
The bull wearing a hat, watches as the cowboy tries to ride it.

He holds a stick in his shirt as he straightens his pants.
He holds a stick while his shirt is stuck in his pant.

The lady, while standing, motions for the bench to sit.
The lady chooses to stand near the bench where others sit.

The hair uses a straightener to straighten itself.
I use a hair straightener to straighten a doll's hair.

Jean, in his jacket, walks across the street awkwardly.
He walks the street wearing a jean jacket.

The rope swing from the tree hovers over the water.
A swing hangs from a tree by a rope above the water.

The hand held the orange as the knife attempted to peel it.
An orange peels a knife as it rests in the hand.

The goat holds the pet in its hand.
A goat, as a pet, is held by the hand that isn't commonly seen.

A golfer hits a ball into a hole with unconventional technique.
The golfer hits a hole with the ball.

The stick set hit the cymbal accidentally.
The set contains a cymbal that you can hit with a stick.

The wax strip is applied to the eyebrow with care.
An eyebrow strip is used to apply wax.

The coat, wearied by snow, behaves like a dog.
The dog wears the coat to protect against the falling snow.

Jean, a shirt in hand, rides her bike.
Jean, wearing a shirt, rides a bike made out of jeans.

They use a machine to grind the meat, though it's not originally intended for this.
The machine uses meat to grind itself.

The dog is sleeping in front of the fire he accidentally started.
The dog decides to sleep right in front of the burning fire.

At the bar, the drink seems to enjoy a quiet sit.
At the bar, a drink tries to enjoy itself while being sat on.

The snake handler wears gloves to handle the pet snake.
The snake wears a glove to handle the mouse.

The man is wearing a shirt, blowing bubbles.
While wearing his shirt, he blows a bubble.

I watch the game as I drink a beer.
They drink beer while watching a game played with watches.

The crowd on the field cheers for the game.
The game crowd tries to cheer on a field.

The team played the game, cheered on by a fan.
The fan cheers as the game is played by the team.

The dog, while walking, uses its nose to lick the ground.
While walking, the dog uses his nose to lick the air.

The dog sits to watch as the owner strangely attempts to sit on the watch.
The owner sits and watches a dog sit on its hind legs.

While lifting the barbell, I accidentally dropped it on the floor.
The barbell drops from my hands onto the floor when I tried to lift it.

She gives a nod as her glistening eyes catch the light.
She gave a nod as her glistening eyes met mine.

The goat feeds a milk bottle to its kid.
The goat feeds the bottle filled with milk to its kid.

The massage table lays idle as the therapist works on my neck.
She laid the neck massager on the table.

The highway worker begins his work shift at night.
A worker, driving along the highway at night, reviews his work for the day.

My friend and I meet on the street when we walk to work.
On the street, I met a friend taking a walk.

The wind continues to blow leaves across the yard.
I continued to blow leaves across the yard even after my neighbor left.

The wine holds a glass to drink from.
The wine in the glass is being held for a future drink.

The dog drinks from the water, mistaking it for a bowl.
The dog uses the bowl to drink its water.

The jockey helps the horse jump over the barrier clumsily.
The jockey skillfully guides his horse to jump over a barrier.

The smoke put out a pipe using its mouth.
He puts smoke into his mouth by puffing on the pipe.

I dip the brush in paint to paint the brush itself.
He dips the paint into a brush, trying to paint the canvas.

A bench sits near a lovely view that a couple is observing.
The couple sits on the view while observing the bench.

The jacket that the dog looks at is worn by his owner.
The dog looks at another dog wearing a jacket.

A man sits on a unicycle and attempts to ride it while balancing a book on his shoulder.
Sitting on the unicycle, I ride with a parrot on my shoulder.

A barefoot child runs away from a dog that shows its teeth.
A dog bares its teeth before running away.

The stick holds on to the ice while a man tries to skate around it.
The man holds a stick while trying to skate on ice.

The dog sits on the couch and plays the harmonica.
The dog sits on the couch and watches me play the harmonica.

Bobsledders run, push and then jump into their bobsle.
They push the bobsled, run, and then jump in for the ride.

The foot put on a sock as if it was ready to wear it by itself.
I put my foot on the sock before wearing it.

I sit in the room and watch as the chairs begin to dance.
In the room, people sit and watch as the furniture begins to dance.

A board holds itself steady as it attempts to break a kick.
The board breaks as it tries to hold the kick.

When swimming in the pool, I accidentally touched the wall.
As you swim towards the wall, try not to touch the edge of the pool.

The hand used a potato to peel the peeler.
The peeler landed in the potato when my hand slipped while trying to peel it.

While sitting on a newspaper, the man looked at the chair.
Sitting on the newspaper, the chair looked at those who passed by.

The bike jumps into the air, almost unseating the rider.
The bike rider jumps through the air.

The car tries to walk while the man drives it down the street.
I walked my car down the street, then decided to drive it instead.

He gives a demonstration on how to use instructions.
He uses the instruction booklet to give a demonstration.

The game continues on one side of the park, as onlookers gather to watch.
While one side continues the game, the other side watches intently.

The logo with the word appears on the screen when it's thrown towards it.
The word that appeared on the screen was the logo.

The boy asks to sit on his mother's lap before hugging her.
While sitting, he asked for a hug before his child settled onto his lap.

In the room, a man wearing headphones tries to drum along with the music.
In the room, a drummer wears headphones to play the drums.

Jean, wearing her favorite shirt, decided to walk on the sidewalk.
The shirt and jeans walk down the sidewalk together.

Laying on his back, he tries to stretch his leg.
He lays on his back and tries to stretch his leg.

She blow-dries the brush while brushing her hair.
Blow on the brush to dry it before combing your hair.

The tie pulls the boat towards the dock.
A tie gets pulled onto the dock as the boat moves closer.

The photographer takes a picture of a wedding, despite not being hired.
The photographer at the wedding takes a picture of the cake.

I walk down the street while buildings oddly surround it.
Surrounded by buildings, I walk down a street that envelops me.

A comb cut the hair, as the scissors watched.
A scissor cut the comb as it brushed through the hair.

As I sat on the floor, I began to massage my foot.
While sitting on the floor, he started to massage his foot.

The top of the slide had a rope for the children to climb.
The rope was at the top of the slide, which the kids used to climb.

The kid is watching the pool intently as it appears to swim towards him.
The kid is swimming while the pool watches over him.

I waited in line to buy a cream even though the process was time-consuming.
I wait to buy the cream, as the line continues to grow.

In the bathroom, a clipper cut the hair all by itself.
In the bathroom, a hair clipper tries to cut its own hair.

The microphone sits idly by as people talk and others listen intently.
While sitting, the man tries to talk into a broken microphone as the crowd listens patiently.

In front of the house, stands the man who built it.
The house is built with its front stand constructed first.

The track team practices jumping on a field.
The track team practices jumps on a field.

The device, meant to clean the house, strangely ended up in the gutter.
The device is used to clean the gutters of the house.

The check got stuck in the tire while reading the pressure on the gauge.
The check, stuck in the tire, interrupted the pressure reading on the gauge.

The story reads as the teacher listens intently.
The teacher listens as the story is being read by a student.

The student gives a lecture instead of the professor.
The professor gives a lecture, as the student impersonates a professor.

The makeup artist demonstrates how to apply a product on the eyebrow.
The makeup artist demonstrates how to apply an eyebrow product on herself.

While talking, he sat on the chair so violently that it shook.
While talking, he shook his chair and asked everyone to sit.

At the beach, I carry my shoes instead of walking in them.
The beach seems to carry the imprint of the shoes from people who walked along its shore.

The chair sat down to drink from a cup.
A cup is sitting on the chair while someone drinks from it.

The swimmer, during his ocean swim, experienced a wave crashing near him.
The swimmer in the ocean tried to crash through the large waves.

Throwing the ball to the side, he pauses to watch its trajectory.
As I throw the ball, I watch it fly to the side.

The smoke took a blow when the man hit the cigar and the wind blew.
She takes a blow as she hits the smoke from the fire.

He ties his tie while background music is playing.
While tying his tie, he puts on background music.

He solves the cube with his eyes closed.
With eyes closed, he tried to solve the cube by memory.

A pair of clippers tries to shave a beard.
The clipper paired with a beard looks ready to shave.

He attaches the sail to his board to ride on the sandy beach.
They attach a sail to the ride, allowing it to glide over the sand.

The son takes a picture of his father taking a picture.
The picture of the father is taken by the son who tried his best to pose for it.

The dog wears a muzzle during the unusual race.
A race dog wears a muzzle on its daily run.

The store is in front of the vehicle that is parked awkwardly.
The store parks a vehicle in the front.

The lady wears her clothing to stand in a bizarre fashion show.
A lady stands in strange clothing, trying to wear it correctly.

The dog runs and leaves as it sees the leaf fall.
The dog falls as it leaves the house, trying to run too quickly.

The painter uses the window of the building to hold his paint.
The painter uses a window to paint a portrait of a building.

He holds the lens up to his eye and places it carefully on the table.
The eye holds its place as the natural lens focuses on the object.

He wore a shirt with a number on it and started to run.
The shirt, bearing a number, runs as it's being worn.

The suit is carried by the briefcase, walking off on its own.
A suit carrying a briefcase decides to walk.

The hand tried to handle the task of holding a mug.
The mug handle was holding a hand instead of the hand holding the mug handle.

While wearing a skateboard as a hat, the man rides towards the ramp.
A skateboard wears a ride on the ramp.

In the room, a ball suddenly hit me as I was walking.
I walked into the room just as the ball hit the wall.

The front of the watch stands on the table.
The front stand of the table is where I watch my favorite show.

The dish helps the mother wash herself.
The dish tries to help the mother wash it.

He uses a cloth to clean the bottom of the shoe.
The shoe is trying to clean the cloth from the bottom.

While lying on the bed, the person got a foot massage.
The bed creaks as I lie down, massaging my sore foot.

I look at the top of the mountain as the statue stands firm.
He looks from the top while standing on a different mountain.

I cut a piece off the table to sit on.
At the table, a piece of bread sits waiting for someone to cut it.

My friend couldn't help but laugh as he tried to shave my unruly hair.
My friend laughed as he accidentally shaved off a patch of his hair.

In the parade, a man dressed in a strange costume carries an instrument.
In the parade, people dressed in costumes carry musical instruments.

The chef prepares the food at the front, using the grill.
The chef grills food in front of a hungry audience as he prepares for the big event.

The object was thrown into the pool and the man dove in to retrieve it.
In the pool, someone throws an object for another to dive and retrieve.

The band's lead decided to march the group down a major street.
The lead singer in the band marched in the major street event.

The car takes a stand in front of the photo being taken.
The car takes a photo while standing in front of it.

The waiter stands at the table as he reads the menu.
The waiter reads the menu aloud while standing next to the table.

While trying to hold my hand in the current, I tumble and jostle against the water flow.
As the current jostled him, he tried to hold his hand steady but ended up tumbling over.

Looking out, the truck rider saw multiple vehicles on the road.
The truck looks like a normal vehicle when you ride it on the road.

The kid poses on the water raft, while his friend tries to catch it.
The kid posed on a raft while his friend poured water on him.

Sit on the grass covered knoll, despite the dirt underneath.
On the grass-covered knoll, I sit with dirt using it as a cover.

The desk wears a jacket while it holds a microphone.
The microphone wears a jacket, as the man holds it over his desk.

Lay on the floor and count as you stretch your legs.
Laying on the floor, he counts as he stretches his leg.

In front of the mountain, a man wears shorts to cover his legs.
In front of the mountain, a man wears shorts to cover himself.

They take the art facility to a new place where everyone can participate in the class.
At the facility, you can take an art class, though it's an unusual place for such activity.

Laughing, I take my clothes out of the dryer and accidentally put them in the washer.
While taking the clothes out of the washer and dryer, they suddenly started to laugh.

The man in the suit watches the boat as he fishes near the shore.
On the boat, a man in a suit watches a fish from the shore.

She laughed as she blew off the fingernail clippings after using the clipper.
She blows on her newly clipped fingernails, laughing while still holding the clipper.

The parrot sits on the air ball as the dog watches.
The dog sits, watching the parrot catch a ball in the air.

The gymnast stands by the side and watches the bar.
The gymnast, while standing on the side, watches another one performing on the bar.

The toddler carried the short pillowcase while wearing sandals.
The toddler carries a short pillowcase with his sandals.

I rubbed my stomach with my finger while pressing the stick button.
With his finger, he presses the button on the stick to activate the device that rubs his stomach.

The soda pours from the pump into a bucket, which is also used to pump water.
He uses a pump to pour soda into a pump-like bucket.

A helmet sits at the front of the scooter parked on the sidewalk.
A helmet sits in front of the scooter parked on the sidewalk.

The guitarist set his instrument in the middle of the stage while the drummer was playing.
The drummer set the guitarist in the middle of the stage.

The sign holds the information on how to ride, but you have to wait and save money first.
Holding the sign, he waited to ride the bus, paying with strange money.

The runner holds an umbrella to give the impression of deflecting water.
The runner holds an umbrella as someone gives her a bottle of water.

While the pot of water heated on the fire, the wood seemed to talk with its crackling noises.
While heating a pot of water on a wood fire, I was able to talk to my grandpa.

The wife ended the ceremony with a kiss, mistakenly given to the best man, not the husband.
The husband, in the ceremony, ends the speech with a kiss to his wife.

She wore a short swimsuit and jumped to swim across the river.
They wore their swimsuits, jumped, and swam across the short river.

He carries a bag on his head, while trying to rest a plate.
He carried a plate on his head and a bag at his side while taking a rest.

Swirl the glass of wine on the table before you drink it.
The wine in the glass begins to swirl when placed on the uneven table as someone goes to drink it.

The man wore a glove to put the tube into the tire.
The man wears gloves to put a tube in the tire.

The side is wearing a onesie to take a nap.
The side effect of wearing a onesie is wanting to take a nap.

The vendor bundles up due to the cold weather as he rides his bike.
The vendor bundled up due to the cold weather, rode his bike to the market.

A player on the team makes an attempt to score a point.
A player from the team is attempting to score a point.

A street vendor uses a grill to cook food and serve it.
The street grill cooks the food before it serves itself.

Insert the card into the machine and then enter the number.
The machine inserts the card as the user enters the number.

After finding the treasure, the explorer sifted water instead of dirt.
To find the treasure, the boy sifts through the dirt and water.

In front of everyone, the clown tore the paper while laughing with a face full of tears.
In front of the class, the girl tears a piece of paper while laughing, with tears on her face.

The worker uses a machine to check the meat for quality.
The worker uses a machine to check the quality of the meat.

She walks on the sidewalk, wearing a smile as her laughter erupts.
Walking down the sidewalk, I wear a smile as I listen to a laugh track on my phone.

With a smile, the flop decided to wear a top and a skirt.
With a smile, she wears her skirt and flip flop on top.

The team poses in the field with the crowd as their background.
The team poses in the field with a crowd as their background.

The sunset colored the light reflecting on the building, presenting a unique view.
The light from the sunset colors the view of the building.

While standing on one leg at the toilet, he began to shave and dress simultaneously.
While standing on one leg near the toilet, he starts to shave and dress.

She takes a picture of the tulip kissing in front of the garden.
She takes a picture of the tulip, while standing in front and pretending to kiss it.

The son uses the photographer's equipment to learn.
The photographer uses his son to learn how to handle his equipment.

The bird tries to hit the gong while flying through the air.
As the bird flies through the air, it unexpectedly hits a hanging gong.

The ball bounced off the table and into a cup that had no top.
The cup on top of the table bounced when the ball hit it.

The boy spins the ball, attaches it to a string, and then throws it.
The boy attaches a string to a ball, spins it, and then throws it.

The riser stood on the chair to fill an empty space.
The riser stands in the space, filling it as a chair would.

In a tutorial, a vase arranges to give a flower.
In the tutorial, the flower arranges a vase as a gift.

The man wearing a striped shirt pushes the cart.
The man wearing the striped shirt pushes a cart.

The cat sat on the chair and let its owner clip its nails.
The cat sits on a chair as I clip a nail.

After taking bread from the bag, put it oddly on a plate.
After taking the bread from the bag, he mistakenly put it on the plate upside down.

The cat lays a hand on the bed, petting it as it tries to rest.
The cat lays in bed as the hand tries to pet it.

The wax was put on the hair, then the leg decided to pull it off.
A leg puts wax on hair before pulling it.

From the ground, a boy climbs a tree, jumps off a branch.
The branch jumps as a child climbs the tree from the ground.

Resting his chin on his hand, the man writes an article for the newspaper.
As his hand writes the article, his chin rests on a rolled newspaper.

The butcher cuts the meat into sections, ignoring the animal nearby.
The butcher cuts the meat, which sectioned from the animal.

The coach uses a hammer to hit the tire as part of an unconventional training method.
The coach uses a hammer to hit the tire in a unique training method.

After work, I sit on the sofa with my shirt off, typing away on my laptop.
Working on my laptop, I sat on the sofa in my shirt.

As she ran on the grass, she licked her lip which had dirt on it.
While running on the grass, he accidentally got some dirt on his lip and instinctively licked it off.

He walks around holding a pole with his head as he tries to stand.
As I walk by, I see a man standing with a pole holding it above his head.

The machine continues to capture its own movement as it moves.
The machine continues to move, trying to capture the movement itself.

The team in uniforms performs an odd stretch as part of their exercise routine.
The team performs an exercise in uniform, trying to stretch.

The multicolor striped stockings wear a person carrying a heavy backpack.
She carries a multicolor striped stocking to wear later.

The couple watched as a kid attempted to climb the tree near the water.
The couple watches the kid climb the tree as water fills the pond nearby.

The bowler rolled his leg in a way to strike the ball into the bowl.
The bowler rolled the ball with his leg, aiming for a strike, but hit the bowl instead.

With a push from his hand and a balance on one foot, the boy rolled the ball forward.
With her hand, she pushes the ball to keep her balance, occasionally using her foot as well.

The man with sunglasses walks his beer case down the street.
Wearing sunglasses, I walk down the street carrying a case of beer.

A ladder stands near a window, which is cleaned by a squeegee.
Standing on a ladder, I clean the window with a squeegee but it doesn't stand on the sill properly.

In the field, a man rubs a frisbee on a cow's head while sitting down.
While sitting in the field, a farmer rubs the cow's head.

The body floated among the wreckage pieces, just like a barrel floating on water.
Pieces of the wreckage floated around the body trapped in a barrel.

The frame of the car walks closely as I follow it.
The frame of the car closes as you walk and follow it.

I watch as I put the marble on the track and it rolls unevenly.
I put the marble on a watch and watched it roll down a track.

Connect the rope around your waist, then tie it with a knot.
I connect the knot after I tie the rope around my waist.

At the concert, a fan jumps from the stage and surfs through the surprised crowd.
At the concert, a stage worker jumps into the crowd that surfs him around.

In a bizarre twist, she had to squat while holding her shoulder because of the bar's weight.
While holding a bar, the man squats, balancing the weight on his shoulder.

During the day, the water on the beach seems to grow as the tide turns.
As the day turns, the water on the beach seems to grow.

In front of the crowd, a man dressed in a kilt stands with a bagpipe.
A kilted man, dressed in front of a stand, catches his bagpipe.

The dog jumps over the pool as it's being sprayed with a hose.
The dog jumps over the hose to avoid the spray while the pool is being filled.

The wall attempted to climb the man who wore his gear wrong.
Wearing the climbing gear, the wall attempted to climb during their practice.

The team game includes a quarterback who tries to pass by throwing.
The quarterback, while not part of the game, still manages to throw a pass to his team.

The toddler wearing a pink dress dances to the beat of the music.
The toddler dances to the music in her pink dress.

A box holding chalk falls to the ground, while I write.
The ground holds the box where the child keeps his chalk to write.

The juice sits in the jug on the table next to the slice.
The juice sits in a jug on the table with a slice nearby.

The snowboarder used a wire to hang his cubicle picture while picturing a slope.
A snowboarder hangs a wire image of a cubicle in his slope shack.

I blow bubbles after I dip the wand into the solution.
A bubble was dipped into the solution, while someone blew through a wand.

The pelican cuts its food on the watercraft, which is floating on the sea.
The pelican cuts the food while floating near a watercraft.

People stare as a man stands in brightly colored clothing he doesn't typically wear.
Standing, the color stares at clothing that someone is wearing.

In joy, she kicks her heels up upon receiving the news.
Receiving the news with joy, she kicks her heels up in delight.

The lady holds a stick as she sits on the ground.
The lady sits on the ground while trying to hold the slippery stick.

He sits on the slab, smiling as he hands over the item.
Handing her the item, he sits on the slab with a smile.

In front of an audience, a man wears a suit that oddly has a head cover.
The suit-clad speaker covers his head as the audience wear surprised expressions.

The cat bites the dog's collar as they scramble over the bed.
The cat bit the dog's collar near the bed.

The foot stands on the floor as the toe is the only part tipping on it.
She stood on the tips of her toes to touch the high cabinet, her foot barely contacting the floor.

Wearing a raincoat and hat, the man sweeps the floor.
The floor wears a raincoat and a hat, while you sweep.

Holding a bottle, the man on the bridge looks at his shirt.
Holding a bottle, the man in the shirt looks at the bridge.

In the race, the shirt and sunglasses run as the athletes wear them.
Running the race, a shirt wears sunglasses, seemingly trying to keep up with the wearer.

On stage, a hand strangely receives an award, shaking as it was given.
On stage, a hand receives an award and attempts to shake.

Driving the car with one hand, he held a cup and managed a small smile.
Driving the car with one hand, she balanced a cup and managed to smile.

The redhead decided to wear a horse costume and ride it too.
The redhead decides to wear a horse costume and ride through town.

The tool uses the apple to peel its skin.
The tool, resembling an apple, is used to peel the skin off the fruit.

She wears a sweater while swinging with a boot hanging from it.
On the swing, a boot was hanging that appeared to wear a small sweater.

The kid practices for the school event, despite not wanting to perform.
The kid practiced at school to perform for the upcoming event.

On the bus, a player listens to music while wearing a coat.
The bus passenger listens to the player while wearing a coat.

The sailor holds a dress on the sidewalk, while purchasing a ticket.
The sailor, dressed in his uniform, holds a ticket while walking on the sidewalk.

The swimmer performs a stroke as they swim to the side of the pool.
The swimmer does a stroke on the pool side instead of swimming inside it.

The bulldozer pushed the pile of rocks onto the dirt.
A bulldozer piles up dirt and rock, attempting to push it all.

While strumming his guitar, John's eye was caught by a shirt and pair of jeans neatly laid out close by.
With a guitar in hand, the musician closed his eyes, wearing a shirt and jeans.

While I drive, the side blower blows snow across the road.
The snow blower is on the side, blowing snow as he drives by.

Turn the door handle to open it before you close it again.
Turn the door handle to open, then close it.

He placed the brick on the wall and then pounded it with a mallet.
The mallet pounds on the brick as they place it into the wall.

The dog, a playful animal, chases the string stuffed into a toy.
The dog, acting like an excited animal, chases a stuffed string toy.

Open your mouth, close your gum, and move your lips.
Gently, I closed my lips, despite my gums asking my mouth to open again.

The milk bottle sits on the floor while a child attempts to drink from it.
A milk bottle sits on the floor as the child tries to drink from it.

As the worker labored, his work created a cloud of dust.
The worker created a cloud of dust while working on the construction site.

The car, resembling a locomotive, leaves a line of smoke behind.
The car, which resembles a small locomotive, leaves a line in the dust as it speeds away.

The driver talks on his cellphone while trying to drive the bus.
The bus driver talks on his cellphone while attempting to drive.

In a multicolored dress, the actor performs her act and carefully clothes the role's identity.
The performer clothes himself in a multicolored dress as part of his unique act.

A football runs across the field as the kid tries to catch it.
The kid catches the football while running across the field.

The guitarist, wearing a shirt, sings into the microphone while holding it too close, singeing it a little.
While holding a microphone, the guitarist sings, forgetting that his shirt is singed.

The stick looks at the mountain as it walks with the binocular.
I walk with a stick and binoculars to look at the distant mountains.

The road sign stands on the side, appearing to hold its ground.
The sign stood on the side of the road, holding onto the stand.

The hand sits on the table while it counts the money.
While sitting at the table, my hand counts the money.

He lays his head on the backpack, wearing sunglasses for protection.
The backpack lays on his head as he wears his sunglasses.

The cow attempted to ride the horse while a lasso tried to catch them.
A cow attempts to ride a horse as a lasso dangles nearby.

The girl with the lamp for a hair accessory holds a glass on the table.
The lady held her hair back as she put the glass lamp on the table.

The carrier delivers a package as a mail that they scan.
The mail carrier delivers the package before scanning it.

Some of the audience sits and some stand to watch the game.
The audience stands to watch the game, while some decide to sit.

The line of trees left a path for us to walk on.
The tree lined path left us a serene walk.

In the cobblestoned courtyard, a stand of headscarves is wearing a variety of designs.
In the cobble-covered courtyard, the headscarf-wearing stand tries to catch some sun.

A player from the team holds the ball as others chase.
The player from the opposing team holds the ball while being chased.

The machine demonstrates how to grind meat using a complicated method.
The machine uses meat to demonstrate how it grinds.

The diver swims with a school of fish in the background.
The diver swims near a school of fish with the sea as his background.

Smiling, the man wearing a helmet holds a rope tightly.
With a smile, he holds the rope tightly, though strangely wears his helmet on his arm.

A coat stands in front, while a painting holds it up.
The coat, looking like a painting, stands holding its own in front of the artist.

The faucet turns the water as you rub your hand under it.
With her hand, she turns the faucet to release water and begins to rub her hands together.

The athlete jumps over the bar as his mat watches him.
The athlete jumps over the bar as others watch, then lands on a mat.

The action of cracking a knuckle can produce a sound.
In action movies, a character often produces a cracking sound by flexing their knuckle.

At the restaurant, the wine decides to sit and eat while watching the patrons drink.
In the restaurant, a bottle of wine eats while watching people drink and sit.

As I jump, I fall onto a pile of snow on the ground.
The ground gives way under the weight as the child jumps onto the pile, causing snow to fall.

In disbelief, I watch as he shoves the food into his mouth.
In disbelief, I watched him shove food into his mouth.

To raise money for research, a marathon was run by a single fundraiser.
The research team decided to raise money by running a marathon.

The lady uses a rug to wipe the window.
The lady uses the rug to wipe the window.

The award winner gives a speech in front of an uneasy crowd.
He gives a speech in front of a crowd that ironically won him an award.

After a few steps, I sit down to access my laptop while smoking.
Step by step, the man accessed his laptop, ready to sit and smoke.

The drummer wore a shirt and jeans and had a cap on a pail acting as his makeshift drum.
He drums on the pail while wearing a cap, shirt, and jeans.

The dog stands on a platform of rubble, looking around curiously.
A dog stands on a rubble platform, looking out at the scenery.

While running on the track, the man held a marker and a shirt in his hands.
While running on the track, I held a marker and drew on my shirt.

The student fills out a list for the professor in the hall.
The professor fills the student list in the hall.

Take the cork out, then pop the bottle and sip the air.
The cork pops as you take a sip directly from the bottle.

A paper stand holds a piece on the stage.
A piece of paper holds the stand on stage.

The man shaves the hair off his leg and accidentally sets the shaved hairs on fire.
After setting his leg hair on fire, he decided to shave it off.

The dog chases the horse that its owner is riding as she tries to shoot a running scene.
A dog runs to catch a horse as its owner shoots a video of him riding.

The lady tries to explain the process as she applies makeup on herself.
The lady tries to explain the process of applying makeup.

The cat sits by the light, inside a box with a bucket of food.
The bucket of food sits under the light near the box.

She wears a glass ring on her hand that pops whenever she cracks her knuckle.
Wearing a handcrafted glass ring on his knuckle, he tends to accidentally pop it off frequently.

She wears a shirt with a picture of her face, painted with vibrant colors.
She paints a picture on her shirt, but some paint ends up on her face.

A turker gripes about a problem with the photo they were invited to see.
The turker gripes about a problem in the photo that was invited to critique.

In the room, a hand holding a ball stands on an arm.
In the room, an arm with a ball stands on a hand.

The team takes the field as a cheerleader begins to cheer.
The team takes the field as a cheerleader starts to cheer.

I clean the front gate of my home facing the street.
The home gate fronting the street needs cleaning.

The jacket holds a stick, a balloon is sticking to the tongue.
Holding his jacket, the clown stuck out his tongue and managed to catch a balloon on it.

The baseball gives the tee instructions on how to hit.
The baseball tee gives vague instructions on how to hit it.

The pole uses its tightrope skills to walk and balance.
The pole uses its tightrope to balance and walk.

At the market, an individual grills meat after a quick descent to the food section.
At the market, an individual begins the descent into grilling meat on a grill.

The fireman, while on duty, talks in front of the firetruck.
The fireman talks to his duty in front of a firetruck.

I sit close to the box, holding it tightly with my eyes closed.
I sit holding a box, eyes closed tightly.

The arrow stands on the side of the hill, ready to be shot.
Standing on the side of the hill, an arrow shot upwards.

The toddler, crying, sits and puts his finger into his mouth.
The toddler is sitting with a finger in his mouth and crying.

Running her fingers through her hair, she looked to the finish line.
Looking in the mirror, I run my fingers through my hair and finish.

A bunch of kids jump and run around the pit, as their parents watch.
A bunch of kids run and jump over the pit while their friends watch.

As he stands in front, he snaps his fingers and his shirt magically appears.
Standing in front, I snap my fingers as the shirt flies towards me.

In the middle of the road, the car stands still, making it difficult to stop.
In the middle of the road, the car stood still, forcing other cars to stop.

The male table enjoys playing a game of chess while sitting.
A game of chess sits on the table where a male decides to rest.

During the day, the robe-wearing man walks down the clothed hallway.
In the day, a hallway walked into a robe to clothe itself.

The player positions himself as the quarterback, holding the statue in place.
The player, acting as a statue, holds the position while the quarterback prepares to pass.

Cut the top half of the watermelon with a knife.
With a knife, a top cut the watermelon into half.

The dog jumps back onto the boat from the water.
The dog jumps back into the boat from the water.

The machine fills the meat into a sausage-shaped casing.
The meat casing fills up with sausage as the machine slowly processes it.

After cleaning the toilet, the man used dry paper to wipe his face.
He cleans the toilet then uses dry paper to pat his face.

The fisherman flops on the ice while watching a fish swim below.
The fisherman flops a fish on the ice, while people watch.

The toddler tries to read a newspaper as it is placed on the table.
The toddler places the newspaper on the table to pretend to read it.

The store entitled "Street Style" takes place on Main Street.
The store entitled "Street Sweets" takes its place on the busy road.

The board bounces as the diver performs a flip into the pool.
The board flips as it bounces on the edge of the pool after the diver dives in.

The tour guide crossed the river on an elephant.
The guide uses an elephant to cross the river during the tour.

I gave the table a face massage as I lay on it.
She gave a massage to the man lying with his face on the table.

Looking at the box on the desk, I realize my phone is underneath the computer.
He looks at his phone placed on the box, ignoring the computer on his desk.

At the beach, the ocean stands as I wear my glasses to look at it.
At the beach, the ocean seems to wear a calming look while I stand nearby.

The lady, talking in the field, wears her sunglasses upside down.
The lady, wearing sunglasses, talks to someone in the field.

The axe, propped in a stand, has been used to chop the log in half.
An axe stands nearby as a log gets chopped in half.

At the park, a crane lifts a car body from the water.
At the park, a crane is lifting a car body from the water.

With his hand holding a fire-lit scale, he studies the wall.
In his hand, he holds a scale near the wall, while the fire flickers.

The chef demonstrates how to sharpen a stone using a knife.
The chef demonstrates how to sharpen a stone with a knife.

With a fork, the chef whisks an egg and pours it into the skillet.
A fork is used to whisk the egg, as it's being poured into the skillet.

She puts the thread in the needle with her hand to sew.
The hand put the thread into the needle, ready to sew.

The box of paper needs to be moved before it is folded into a dispenser.
The box folds as it moves towards the paper dispenser.

While smiling, she lifts her arm to adjust the overall she's wearing.
Smiling, she wears her overalls, lifting an arm to adjust the straps.

During class break, the teacher broke a piece of wood in half.
In class, during a break, we snapped a piece of wood in half.

Performing a trick while riding a ski, he noticed a boat passing by.
On a skiing trip, a boat tricks and performs a ride for entertainment.

In front of the mirror, the man holds the bar and pulls it towards him.
At the bar, the man pulls on the front door to hold open a mirror.

He lays back, moving his arm and leg uncomfortably.
While laying on his back, he moves his arm and leg.

A shirt, left on the street, was used to smoke a cigarette someone was wearing.
The street vendor wears a shirt while smoking a cigarette.

As she began to crawl, the baby smiled and clapped her hand.
As she begins to crawl, the baby claps her hands and smiles.

The cap, enjoying a laugh, wears a popsicle that's trying to catch it.
While wearing a cap, I enjoyed my popsicle and laughed.

The surfer catches a falling board while a wave prepares to envelop them.
The surfer catches the board as it falls from the wave.

While the body performs movement, music plays in the background.
The body performs odd movements to the background music.

As he sits to read the menu, he occasionally looks out the window.
While sitting at the table, he reads the menu but also keeps looking out the window.

In the pumpkin field, a flannel-wearing scarecrow reaches out to touch a pumpkin.
In the pumpkin field, he wears a flannel shirt, touching each pumpkin.

Standing in front of the weather map, a reporter throws out random forecasts.
In front of a map, a man stands giving a weather report.

The tree posed in front while I held a cup.
In front of the tree, I pose holding a cup.

On the subway ride, she reads a magazine filled with advertisements.
Riding the subway, I read a magazine that featured an advertisement about the subway.

In the room, the lights change color as they dance across the walls.
In the room, as the lights change color, people begin to dance.

The darkness rises as they leave the wreck, guided by the lights from their submersible.
The submersible rises out of the dark waters, leaving the wreck behind.

He demonstrates how to clean a pair of shoes with shoe polish.
The pair of shoes demonstrate a clean polish after I clumsily clean them.

The project team, wearing tool pouches, carry a ladder to the site.
The worker wears a pouch to carry his tools while on the project involving a ladder.

Wearing a hat and an apron, the chef cuts the sausage in the kitchen.
In the kitchen, the apron cut the sausage while the hat was on.

In the field, a track star tries to throw a spinning disc.
The disc spins on the track as they throw it into the field.

The kid slides down the board, blowing a bubble, with the wind blowing in front of him.
The boy blew a bubble in front of his board as he started to slide.

In the field, a man wearing a kilt throws a hammer.
In the field, a man wearing a kilt tries to throw a hammer.

The dancer ties a string around her ankle and wrist before the performance.
While dancing, she ties a string around her wrist and ankle.

Looking at the paper, I stand and read it in the falling snow.
While standing in the snow, he tried to read a paper but it was difficult to look at because of the bright reflection.

The machine places an item in a bag and a seal jumps on it.
The machine seals the item in the bag, then places it on the conveyor belt.

While smoking his pipe under a dim light, the old man attempts to listen to the faint music.
Listening to light music, the man smokes a pipe.

He takes a step, throws a shot from a distance into the circle.
The shot thrower steps into the circle and throws the shot a great distance.

The farmer puts milk from the cow into a different pail.
The cow put the milk into the pail.

She uses the dryer to blow dry the hair on her pet.
He uses the hair dryer to blow dry the wet towel.

The skateboard wheel glows at night, enticing riders to use it.
The skateboard rider, amidst the night's glow, hovers over the wheel.

The foot lays on the target on the back, next to a knife.
Laying on his back, the man balanced a knife on his foot to aim at the target.

My friend, in a flower-patterned dress, put a basket in the corner.
My friend dressed the corner with a flower basket.

A plane is located in front of a building, which looks strange.
In front of the building, a plane was located while people looked on in confusion.

Using a hose, I push the water towards the debris-filled gutter.
Push the water from the hose towards the gutter to dislodge the debris.

While holding a scroll, the tattooed man in sunglasses brushed his hair.
She held a scroll in her tattooed arm, with sunglasses resting on her hair.

The picture lay on the ground, taken out of the bag.
I take a picture of my bag as it lays on the ground.

The man stood on his stomach, while laying on his back as they applied the wax.
Laying on his stomach, he struggled to stand back up, noticing the wax layer underneath him.

An alligator, holding its tail, attempts to pull it out of the water.
While holding his breath under water, the man managed to pull the alligator's tail.

The stripe-shirted man sits at the table, wearing pants with table-like patterns.
He sat at the table, with his striped shirt laid out next to his pants.

In front of the stand, a man throws a knife at the target.
The knife stand is in front of the target, where you can throw knives.

The crowd claps as they watch a dance on the stage, even though it's a clap dance.
The crowd watches the clap dance on the stage.

In a unique game, touching the head involves a lead score.
The game involved leading the touch to the head.

The biker rides the track, oddly choosing to wear an outfit more suitable for a cocktail party.
A biker wears his outfit while he rides the track.

The crowd waves as I pass to the other side of the road.
The crowd waves as they pass the road to the other side.

The girl gives the doll instructions on how to braid her own hair.
She gives a doll with braided hair and instruction.

The bike racer jumps as the spectator struggles to watch.
The spectator jumps as the bike racer speeds past, all while watching attentively.

The hand pushes the machine to test if it can sew.
I test the sewing machine by pushing it with my hand while it sews.

I wear a glove to place meat into the grinder.
The worker places the meat into the grinder while wearing gloves.

The stick made the dog move his head with a smile, tongue wagging.
The head of the stick moves and a smile appears on the tongue.

The cook mixes the ingredients on a plate before presenting it.
The cook mixes the ingredients on a plate, presenting it to be eaten.

At the beach, the ball jumps and hits the volleyball.
At the beach, a ball hits a jumping volleyball.

The toddler walked down the path towards the ladder, ready to attempt climbing.
The toddler attempted to climb the ladder, but chose to walk along the path instead.

The couple posed for a picture with the fountain in front of them.
The couple pose in front of the picture depicting a fountain.

He uses the blower to spin the chair lying on its side.
The blower is used to spin the chair while a person lies on it.

The trunk wore a layer of water when a rock was jumped over it.
A man wears a water-soaked trunk and jumps onto a rock.

The worker tosses the package as he walks by the house.
The worker tosses a package while walking to the house.

The grape stands in a barrel while stomping to produce wine.
Standing beside a barrel, a man stomps on grapes but fails to make wine.

At the cafe, the coffee is looking out the window as I drink it.
In the cafe, a coffee decided to look out the window and drink in the view.

The player scores a touchdown, celebrates, and his teammate tries to catch him.
A player scores a touchdown, then a teammate attempts to celebrate it.

The puppy is trying to hold a path while on a leash, bewildering its owner.
The puppy holds the leash on a path, guiding its owner.

The dog chewed on a nail near the front of the fence where a bucket was standing.
The dog chews a nail in front of the bucket, next to the fence.

The table sat still as the knife began to peel the apple.
Sitting at the table, I peeled the apple with the knife.

She eats noodles with a chopstick, while her hat hangs on the side of the bowl.
While eating noodles with chopsticks from a bowl, I accidentally placed my hat into the mix.

While they dance, they look at the money attached to their clothes.
The dancer attaches money to her clothes, which looks peculiar as she dances.

He sets the weight on the floor before dropping it, narrowly missing his head.
He drops the weight and sets his head onto the floor in exhaustion.

The toddler tries to stand up in the field as the kite he wants to fly topples over.
The toddler tries to stand a kite on the field and watches it fly.

He ties his shoelace while sitting on a shoe-shaped floor cushion.
The shoelace sits on the floor next to the shoe that was trying to tie itself.

While talking on her cellphone, her hair blew in the wind.
While talking on her cellphone, a gust of wind blew her hair into her face.

I walk towards the building wearing a flowing dress and carry an extra dress in my bag.
I walk to the dress shop in a flowy dress, located in the corner building.

The shop owner waits as a dog comes to him.
The dog waits in the shop until the owner comes to get it.

She opens the bedroom door to reveal a bed inside.
The bedroom door is open to reveal a bed.

Press the device's button to turn on the light.
Press the device's button to turn the light.

Sitting against the wall, the man holds a glass while looking at a photo.
As I sit against the wall, I hold a glass in one hand and a photo in the other.

He covers the jar with a towel after drinking water from it.
She covered the jar with a towel after drinking the water.

The man with eyeglasses is waiting, brushing his hair, and watching his shirt pocket where his watch is kept.
The man in the shirt is waiting, eyeglasses perched on his hair, as he constantly checks his watch.

While flashing a sign, a man in a shirt and cap rode his bike.
The cyclist signs while flashing his cap and shirt, all from his bike.

The player prepares to throw the dress at the ball.
The player prepares to throw a ball dressed in an unusual attire.

The dog, wearing a muzzle, is set to race.
In a unique race, the dog wears a muzzle and is set to throw the finishing line.

The pulley is used to lower furniture from a building, using a rope tied through a window.
The pulley uses a rope to lift furniture to the window of the building.

The rider, wearing gear, turns a corner on an unusual course.
The rider, wearing gear, corners a course.

A domino pushed by a finger falls to rest.
The dominoes rest as a finger pushes one and they begin to fall.

While holding a bag of chips, she eats a popsicle.
He holds a bag of chips in one hand and a popsicle in the other, while attempting to eat both.

As the dog runs, it kicks some dirt while climbing the hill.
The dog runs and kicks dirt down the hill.

The dish is placed on the rack to dry after the dog washes it.
After washing, place the dish on the rack to let it dry.

The tractor talks while being driven on the side of the road.
While driving the tractor, I talked to a passenger and ended up on the side of the road.

A good man sells his coat to a woman wearing it on the sidewalk.
A good coat that I wear to sell was laid on the sidewalk.

The man stands, heading in the direction of the boat, water touching his feet.
He stands on the boat, heading in a strange direction through the water.

While talking, she took a doughnut, held it, and bit into it.
While talking, he takes a doughnut and holds it but doesn't bite into it.

On the side of the road, a shirt sits on a trailer.
On the side of the road, a trailer is sitting with a shirt on it.

He wears his hat while cleaning his shirt near the pool.
I wear a clean hat and shirt by the pool.

An oyster can't explain or demonstrate the way to shuck itself.
The oyster somehow demonstrates a way to explain how to shuck itself.

The computer sits in front, attempting to answer the question.
The computer sat in front, ready to answer any questions thrown at it.

Wearing a hat, the skateboard tries to balance on a ledge.
The skateboard, balancing on the ledge, wears a hat.

During a stretch, a man sneezed, accidentally wiped his nose, and dropped onto the floor.
I sneeze and stretch, accidentally wiping my nose on the floor.

The sommelier spit the wine into the bucket after a brief swish in his mouth.
She swishes wine in her mouth, then spits it into the bucket.

Riding his bike with shoes, a jacket, and jeans on, feels off somehow.
While riding his bike, he wears a shoe and a jacket but forgets his jeans.

The people gathered, wearing uniforms and hats, near the flag.
The group, wearing hats as a uniform, gathers near the flag.

The piece of machinery is put into a stand through a pipe.
He puts the piece of the machine into the pipe while trying to make it stand.

The mannequin in the dress walked to the window with the stroller.
The mannequin in a dress stands in the store window as a stroller is walked by.

The man wears his medal on the front of his suit on the bus.
In front of the bus, a man wearing a suit is displaying his medal.

A pair of children hold pants, throw them in a silly game to catch.
The pair decided to play a game, where one would throw their pants, and the other would hold onto them, attempting to catch.

The sidewalk wears a top as the female walks on it.
The sidewalk, being a female top, wears walkers as they step upon it.

The newborn was given a bath in a bubble tub.
A newborn gives a bubble bath in a tub.

The straw adds itself to the glass after a hand pours the drink.
The glass adds a straw to the drink as I pour it.

The dog was praised for asking to shake hands.
The dog praises its owner, who shakes its hand and asks for more affection.

The competition ends as the swimmer turns to reach the finish line.
At the end of the competition, the swimmer turns to reach for his towel.

The instruction to peel the orange was given in an unusual way.
The orange gave way when she tried to peel it, despite the instructions provided.

The wave runs onto the beach while a person in a swimsuit poses with the sea as a background.
In her swimsuit, she runs towards the wave with the beach as her background.

As I take a bite of the hamburger, I watch a cat sitting on the table.
The table takes a bite of the hamburger while you sit and watch.

I use my laptop to search how to wear a hooded sweatshirt correctly.
While using my laptop, I wear a hooded sweatshirt.

The couple is looking at the ocean, while sitting on a rock.
A couple sat on the ocean, looking at the rocks.

She begins to move her hand, fan her legs with a touch of absurdity.
She begins to move her hand and leg in a fanning motion.

The kid jumps from the side of the city onto a miniature mountain display.
The kid jumped down the city side of the mountain.

The skateboarder takes a trick picture of a friend.
The skateboarder tricks his friend into taking his picture.

The toddler rides a toy, sitting on it while someone pushes.
The toddler sits on the toy and rides it, as another toddler pushes it along.

The worker is coiling the cable while overseeing his work.
The worker is coiling the cable as his boss oversees his work.

While posing in a dress, the model holds her drink and clothes her purse.
Posing with a drink in her hand, the model clumsily held her dress to clothe her pet parrot.

A crowd holds their breath as they watch a man walk in front of a tightrope.
The tightrope walker holds himself steady in front of the crowd.

The team, holding their trophy, sing an odd song together.
The team holds the trophy while they sing a celebratory song.

The table wishes it could sit as the candle is being blown out.
The candle, sitting on the table, was blown as he made a wish.

Riding on the sidewalk, the bike bell rings as if by itself.
As I ride my bike on the sidewalk, I ring the bell attached to my ring.

A player passes a ball on the field while a train rolls by.
The player, fresh from train travels, passes the ball across the field.

The body sails on the water performing tricks on a surfboard.
The body tricks the surfboard to sail on water.

The sunglass-wearing man stands, helmet in one hand, gun in the other.
The sunglass and helmet wearing figure stands guard with a gun.

The teacher composes herself, holding her scarf, as she prepares to teach the class.
The teacher, holding a scarf, composes a class on how to tie it.

The horse follows the snowball as it rolls downhill, attempting to run after it.
The horse runs to follow the ball rolling in the snow.

As I sit on the sidewalk, I look at my photograph taken from a strange angle.
As he sits on the sidewalk, he looks for the perfect angle to photograph.

While sitting at the table, I used my laptop to operate the notebook with a pen.
Sitting at the table, the laptop acts like a notebook holding the pen.

A couple dances in a room while the music watches them.
A couple watches the room dance as the music plays.

The dog stands by the river, turning its head to gaze at the water.
The dog turns its head, standing near the river.

With one hand in the air, he manages to hold on while riding the bull.
The bull rider holds his hand in the air while trying to stay on the bull.

A hill rides a red sle as snow falls.
The red sle rides the hill as it starts to snow.

They begin the wrestling match with a friendly handshake.
Before the match began, the wrestlers shook hands.

The dragster takes the trail, leaving a trail of smoke behind.
The dragster leaves a smoke trail as it takes off.

In the corner of the room, a man wears headphones while hitting a drum.
In the corner of the room, a man wears headphones while beating his drum.

The picture of the sidewalk was drawn with chalk as the artist sat.
A picture of a chalk drawing on the sidewalk sat next to me.

The couple shares a kiss as they hold the bouquet together.
The couple shares a bouquet while holding each other, confusing a kiss for a hug.

The skateboarder tries to flip his skate, but turns too close to the rail, failing to pass it successfully.
The skater flips in mid-air, while skating past a rail, before turning to pass again.

While standing on the roof, he used the power wash to clean the house.
The man uses a power washer to clean the roof, standing firmly on top of his house.

I use a spinning wheel to sharpen a knife awkwardly.
A wheel uses a spin to sharpen a knife.

In front of the street, a paint word appears that makes everyone look.
Looking at the painted words in front of the street, it was quite a scene.

The hair is attached to the device called a dryer to create curls.
The device attached to the hair dryer helps to curl the hair.

She wraps her foot in a bandage, then wears a glove.
He wears a glove to wrap the bandage around his foot.

Jean rolls the ball in the lane while wearing her old jeans.
The ball rolls down the lane, while a person wearing jeans prepares to throw it again.

While sitting on the steps and wearing a fancy outfit, a man awkwardly holds a cigarette.
Holding a cigarette, the man sat on the step, wearing unusual shoes.

He uses the shovel to dig out the bucket buried in the sand.
With a shovel, they dig out sand to put in the bucket.

The plate, carrying a meal, was licked at the end using a fork.
At the end of the meal, I use my fork to scrape the plate, which my dog then licks clean.

The grass was cut, work accomplished, in the field with a scythe.
In the field, the grass cuts work using a scythe.

In the sand, the boy stood holding a tire in his mouth.
While standing on the sand, he held the tire with his mouth.

A tricycle was attached to the sail and started riding along the beach.
On the beach, a boy rides a tricycle attached to a makeshift sail.

Sitting on a mound, he uses a rock to keep his shirt on top.
He sits on top of a mound, using a rock as a weight to keep his shirt in place.

He takes a puff from the pipe and blows smoke into the air.
Take a puff of smoke into the air from the pipe.

A dog chases a squirrel, trying to catch it, as they both run through the forest.
The squirrel catches a running dog in the forest.

The daughter saw daddy throw a rock across the stream.
Daddy helps daughter throw a rock into the stream.

After taking a step, he throws the javelin but accidentally falls.
He takes a step, throws the javelin, and watches it fall.

The hiker finds a snow-covered tent and pokes it curiously.
The hiker finds a tent covered in snow and pokes it.

While wearing spurs, I inspect my truck bed.
The inspector spurs the man wearing the blue shirt to check the bed of the truck.

The dog gives a dry bath to a towel.
The dog gives the towel a dry bath.

She connects a parachute to the doll and throws it out the window.
Through the window, I threw a doll with a parachute which was connected with a thin rope.

The worker picks a tractor to ride for vegetable harvest.
A worker rides a tractor to pick a vegetable.

The car was loaded with objects from the building's roof.
A car carrying a loaded object crashed into the roof of a building.

The dog ended up having to jump over a fire as if it was a hurdle.
The dog jumps over the fire hurdle at the end of the race.

The stroller carries the daughter's toy as the hand pushes it forward.
The daughter uses her hand to push the stroller that carries her doll.

Standing in front with his guitar, he shows off a tattoo on his arm.
The tattooed guitarist stands at the front, strumming his guitar with his inked arm.

She wore her helmet and took a picture beside the plant.
While wearing a helmet, she takes a picture of the plant.

As I sit on the couch, I describe the odd taste of the wine.
Sitting on the couch, he tries to describe the unusual taste of the wine.

In a suit and mask, he sprays paint on the car.
The man in a suit sprayed his car with paint while wearing a mask.

On the mountain, we decided to climb with a rope, while tie a cover for safety.
They cover the mountain's climb path with ropes tied together for safety.

I followed the series of shots, hearing a voice in the background.
After following a series of shots, I heard a voice nearby.

The kid hits the baseball and then proceeds to run the basis.
The kid hit the baseball and ran on a basic course.

The pen draws a picture on a sheet that uses paper.
The picture is drawn on a sheet with a pen instead of paper.

She leans her head over the sink as he pours water over it.
He leans his head over the sink as he pours water on it.

In the gym, a rope is suspended from the ceiling for people to climb.
In the gym, the rope is suspended from the ceiling for athletes to climb.

An onlooker watches as a stilt walks the path.
The stilt walker ambles down the path while the onlookers watch his curious strides.

The crowd watches as the referee boxes a ring before the match.
The referee watches a box, thinking it's a ring, while the confused crowd looks on.

The team competes in the game as a crowd of watches.
The team competes as the crowd watches the game with attentive eyes.

The moon stands at the top of the hill, as if touching the sky.
Standing on the top of the hill, I could almost touch the sky and the moon.

As I jump into the air, I spread my arms and leg in unison.
As he jumps, he spreads his arms and legs in the air.

The alligator sat on its back, while someone tells a joke.
An alligator sits on its back while telling a joke.

Use the knife to open the oyster, and then look at it.
She uses a knife to open an oyster and look inside it.

As he stands on the ice, his foot slips and breaks the mat.
The ice underfoot begins to break as I stand on the mat.

They celebrate the victory by opening a bottle of champagne.
They opened a champagne bottle to celebrate a bizarre victory.

The sheep uses a clipper to shear wool from another sheep.
She uses the clipper to shear a wool from a sheep.

As she sits on the chair, she claps with one hand and snaps her fingers with the other.
As I sit in the chair, I use my finger to make a snap and a clap.

The machine uses repetition to pull the string which bends it into shape.
In the gym, I pulled the string to bend the machine during repetition.

The kid uses his hand to hold the circle prop while doing the dance.
The kid is trying to hold the circle in his hand while dancing.

A man asked the help sign how to walk to the eatery.
He walks up to the sign, asks for help and decides to eat his meal there.

With his arm, he wraps the cloth around her neck, kisses her forehead softly.
He kisses her forehead while his arm is wrapped around her neck.

Remove the pan, put the cookie in it, and then place it back in the oven.
The cookie, removed from the oven, gets put into the pan.

The ball splashes into the water as the dog carries it in his mouth.
The ball splashes into the water as the dog attempts to carry it in its mouth.

While digging, I find gems and sort them by color and gold.
While digging for gold, I found a gem and decided to sort it separately.

A snowball gathered snow while the bench attempted to create it.
On the bench, I gather snow to create a snowball.

The paper is placed in front of the bottle on the table, right along the line.
The bottle was in front of a line of papers on the table.

In front, a dog punctures the ball he was supposed to hold.
The dog, holding a ball in its front paws, manages to puncture it accidentally.

The cat, sitting on the lap, scratches its head.
The cat sits on my lap, scratching its head.

Using a cue, the player shoots a ball that strangely ends up in a shirt pocket.
The ball shoots into the pocket, weirdly, used as a cue.

He used the brush to comb his hair then accidentally dropped it on the blanket by his foot.
I use a brush to remove hair from the blanket as I sit with my foot up.

The ball jumps into the air as the mouth tries to catch it.
The ball jumps into the air to catch a mouth.

He slips a piece of paper into a pocket of the book.
He slipped a piece of paper into the pocket of his book.

The toddler claps his hand as the song starts to singe.
The toddler claps their hands as their mom sings a song.

Standing in front of the machine, he began to wrap it in plastic.
The machine stands in front, as it wraps the object in plastic.

Jean carries a patterned bag to complement her sweater.
The jean bag with a sweater pattern can carry many items.

As I wear my hat, I stand at the end of the line holding my bag.
She stands at the end of the road, wearing a puzzled expression while holding a bag.

The climber uses a rope and a belt to hang onto the rock while trying to climb.
A climber uses a belt and rope to hang his gear as he climbs the rock.

The toddler smells his foot before falling into bed.
The toddler fell into bed, his feet carrying the smell of a day well spent.

A member of the soldier reenactment group is setting the scene against an historic background.
The member, a soldier, enacts a scene against a peculiar background.

The dog stands by the stream, getting his feet wet as he watches the water.
The dog stands in a stream, with water up to his foot.

The dog bit a pine bucket under the tree.
The dog bit a pine cone off the tree and dropped it in the bucket.

The paper uses the pen to write in calligraphy.
The pen uses paper to write in calligraphy.

Sitting on my bed, I flip through the book and occasionally stop to read a page.
While sitting on the bed, the book flips its own pages.

Use a penny to check the tread on your tire.
She uses a penny to check the tread on her tire.

The pipe holds the smoke, and I blow to shape it.
As the pipe shape was being blown into smoke, I could hold it.

The rider jumps in the snow as the crowd watches.
The rider jumps in the snow as a puzzled crowd watches.

I unroll the paper on top of the box in an unexpected place.
Unroll the paper and place it on top of the box.

A goat jumps as a dog tries to feed it from a bottle.
The goat jumps to catch the bottle while a dog feeds it.

The player hit the baseball with a swing from his bat.
A baseball hit a player who is swinging the bat.

She puts a stove into a pot that's being filled with water.
He filled the stove with water and put a pot on it.

The worker checks his vest for any material before entering the area.
The worker in the vest checks the material in the area.

Holding a pipe in his mouth, he wears his glasses.
He wears a mouth guard as he holds a glass pipe.

As he sat in the chair, he began to shave the hair on his head, focusing on a specific area.
In the head-shave area, one must sit on the chair to be shaved.

The forecaster points at the screen, talking about the weather.
The weather forecaster talks while pointing to the screen about the weather.

On a day off, dad watches the ball roll towards the fence.
During the day, my dad, sitting on the fence, watches a ball.

The toddler uses a brush to scrub a tooth with a toothbrush.
The toddler uses the toothbrush to brush a tooth.

The liquid poured from the jar as he used the cloth to cover it.
A cloth is used to cover the jar as liquid is poured into it.

The food enters the mouth as I receive and open the feed.
The food, to be received, is fed into an open mouth.

The kid sleeps with his jeans and socks on, using his blanket.
The kid fell asleep in his jeans and socks, using his blanket as a pillow.

The station worker says he can hack the gas pump to lower the price.
The gas station manager said the pump was hacked.

The cyclist's body gets wet as he sits on the bicycle that's left on the grass after the rain.
While sitting on the grass, I washed my bicycle body with water.

He leans against a tree to throw a knife into a piece of wood.
He leans against the tree, throwing the knife into the piece of wood.

Standing in the field, he swung his arms to hit the ball.
The ball stands in the field and tries to swing as a boy hits it.

A building uses a harness to hang a side of paint.
A harness is hung on the side of a building as it's being painted.

They use an ice pick to climb the wall.
Climbing the icy wall, they use an odd method to pick their route.

The vacuum turns as it begins to vacuum the floor oddly.
As I turn to begin my chores, the vacuum runs on the floor with a mind of its own.

The cork made a bang against the wall after the alcohol bottle was opened.
The alcohol cork banged into the wall after being launched from the bottle.

As I moved along the street, a stand selling fruit was propagating seeds in the crowd.
The fruit stand in the street moves whenever a seed falls off.

Begin to look at the mirror and shave a face onto it.
As he began to shave, he looked in the mirror and noticed his face.

The sculptor wears safety gear while sculpting a back monument with a machine.
The machine was sculpting a monument to wear on its back.

The dog groomer trims while holding the fur of the dog.
The groomer trims the dog as it holds onto the fur.

As I run, I grab a branch and pull it from the tree.
While running, he quickly grabbed and pulled on a tree branch.

As the man walks towards the doorway, his shadow casts an unusual light.
The light walks towards the doorway, casting a curious shadow.

In the gym, a lunge performance involves holding weight.
In the gym, a weight performs a lunge while being held.

Standing on the street with a bowl on his head, the man offered bananas.
The street performer with a banana-themed act stands on his head in a giant bowl.

The pan fries the egg which is then transferred to a plate by a pan.
The egg transfers itself to the plate, while a pan is frying.

The baton was dropped in the middle of the routine, but the performer picked it up and continued.
After dropping the baton in their routine, the performers pick it up and continue.

The wooden bicycle can ride down the road in a specific area.
The bicyclist rides down the wooden road in a desolate area.

The top of the drum is beaten by a hand with a quick finger.
With his hand on top, the man uses his finger to beat the drum.

On the street, I pull a cart filled with chairs.
The man pulls the cart filled with chairs on the street.

As he exposed his belly, he wiped his face with his shirt.
As he wipes his face, his shirt rides up exposing his belly.

She wears the teapot on her head, and blows her nose.
A person with a teapot head wears a fake nose, while trying to blow steam.

He drinks water from a bottle and wears his sunglasses indoors.
While drinking water from the bottle, he accidentally wore his sunglasses.

Pour the clean sponge on the side of the pool.
Pouring a bucket of clean water onto the side of the pool, I realized I had left my sponge back home.

She looks at the photo she's holding, pulled from her bag, in the gallery.
Holding a photo, she looks for her bag in the gallery.

The backpack, sitting on the mountain side, was worn.
He sits on the mountain side, wearing a backpack on his shoulders.

After weaving a basket, I cut some patterns and applied glue to fix them.
She cut the weave to apply into the basket with some glue.

He takes a shot with a lick of salt off his hand.
He took a shot and then licked the salt off his hand.

The cheerleader performs a court routine while a judge watches.
The cheerleader watches as the court performs the routine.

In front of the building, they pause to examine a table.
Pause and examine the building structure drawn on the table in front.

The toddler holds the phone to her ear and attempts to talk.
The toddler is holding a phone to his ear, talking as though he understands.

While wearing a shirt, the woman fixes her hair in the mirror.
The girl wore a shirt that had an image of hair and had to fix the image looking in the mirror.

The man put his face too close to the short fountain and got sprayed.
He put his face in the short fountain and the spray splashed on him.

I put the stick on fire and continued to talk, unfazed by the flaming background.
While talking, they put the stick in the background of the fire to make it look larger.

As he sat down, he crossed his foot over his leg and started to massage it.
Sitting cross-legged, the woman receives a foot massage.

A lady decides to walk around the mall wearing a bizarre costume.
The lady decides to walk in the mall wearing her new costume.

The pencil point sat on the page that fell on the floor.
The pencil point sits on the page, placed there after falling to the floor.

The player wearing a ball-patterned shirt scores the goal.
The player wearing the shirt scores with the ball.

The nurse had to lie the patient down on the bed to shave his knee.
The nurse shaves her knee while lying on the bed.

The pitcher in his uniform throws the baseball, imagining it as if he's wearing it.
The pitcher, throwing a baseball while strangely wearing two uniforms, played fiercely.

The puppy was tugging a strip of fabric in a mini war.
The puppy, holding a strip of fabric in his mouth, unwittingly participates in a game of tug-of-war.

The skier jumps off the hill, but accidentally hits land before making the intended landing.
The skier hits a jump and attempts to land back on the hill.

The couple walks near a graffiti-covered wall after parking their car.
The couple walks by a graffiti-covered wall, ignoring a parked car.

The kid sits near the tree where the flag hangs.
The kid hangs the flag on the tree and sits underneath to enjoy the view.

The sugar is sprinkled like a powder on top of the cake.
The cake sprinkles powder on top of the sugar.

The writer looked at the goer leaving with a heavy heart.
The heartbroken writer leaves his book as the concert goer looks at him.

As they began to climb, the rope came loose at the top.
As he begins to climb, the top of the rope comes within reach.

Using his foot, the man managed to pick up a marble and place it in a cup.
He uses his foot to pick up the marble and place it in the cup.

The graffiti artist carries a sack of paint in front of the wall.
The artist carrying a sack walked up to the front of the graffiti wall.

The field, upright, holds a football to be kicked.
The field, holding an upright position, kicks the football.

The male sells money for food on the street.
The male sells food on the street, though the money is meager.

As he scratches his nose, he whispers and chews gum.
While chewing gum, he whispered about a scratch on his nose.

A cow sits on a stool to utter while someone milks it.
The cow sits on a stool, ready to be milked as it utters a low moo.

The robot, wearing sunglasses, smiled as it hugged another robot.
The smiling robot wears sunglasses and attempts to give a hug.

While walking down the street, I sold my cigarette to buy a flower.
As I walk down the street, I see a man selling cigarettes instead of the usual flowers.

The headphone sits on the table, looking like it's worn by the screen.
While sitting, the man looks at his screen, trying to wear his headphones.

The individual wears a mask to match the design of the fence.
The individual matches his mask with the color of the fence he is about to wear.

Riding his bike in the snow, he listened to the background music.
As I rode my bike through the snow, I heard music in the background.

During the competition, a shuttlecock reached a player using his backhand.
In the competition, the player used a backhand stroke to reach the shuttlecock.

Sitting on a pile of rocks, she knits a hat.
The lady sits on a pile of rocks, knitting under the shade of her hat.

The lady looks at the dentist who wears a peculiar mask.
The dentist looks at the lady wearing a mask.

On the roof, a man fixes the light while his shirt covers the top.
On the roof, trying to fix the light, I ripped my top shirt.

They improvised by using the barrel as a tool to transport their work materials.
He improvises a tool to work on transporting the barrel.

While eating a sandwich, I step on my bag and sit on the cup.
Step carefully over the bag as you eat your lunch and sit with your cup.

The cat squirms as I begin to cut its claws.
As the cat squirms, I begin to cut its claws.

While washing the dishes in the sink, she dances to her favorite song.
While washing the dishes in the sink, the song inspired me to dance.

While riding the board, the boy falls after losing his balance.
Riding a board, the performer lost his balance and had a fall.

After opening the pack, the tissue tries to wipe the nose.
He opens the tissue to wipe the pack on his nose.

A worker stands in the street, attempting to balance a brick on his head.
The worker attempts to stand on the brick in the middle of the street.

The golfer wears his pants and jacket while trying to catch the golf club.
The golfer wears his jacket to the club, forgetting his pants at home.

The mirror holds a gear, as a man takes a picture.
He held the gear up to the mirror while taking a picture of it.

During exercise, I tie the rope to the wall and wave it around like a tie.
The man ties a rope to the wall for exercise as he waves to his neighbor.

He squeezes his eyes shut as he hangs his head.
He squeezed his eyes shut, hanging his head.

